formate assay in body fluids  application in methanol poisoning.
delineation of the intimate details of the backbone conformation of pyridinenucleotide coenzymes in aqueous solution.
metal substitutions incarbonic anhydrase  a halide ion probe study.
effect of chloroquine on cultured fibroblasts  release of lysosomal hydrolasesand inhibition of their uptake.
atomic models for the polypeptide backbones of myohemerythrin and hemerythrin.
studies of oxygen binding energy to hemoglobin molecule.
maturation of the adrenal medulla--IV
effects of morphine.
comparison between procaine and isocarboxazid metabolism in vitro by a livermicrosomal amidase-esterase.
radiochemical assay of glutathione S-epoxide transferase and its enhancement byphenobarbital in rat liver in vivo.
digitoxin metabolism by rat liver microsomes.
identification of adenylate cyclase-coupled beta-adrenergic receptors withradiolabeled beta-adrenergic antagonists.
the effect of adrenaline and of alpha- and beta-adrenergic blocking agents on ATPconcentration and on incorporation of 32Pi into ATP in rat fat cells.
action of propranolol on mitochondrial functions--effects on energized ion fluxesin the presence of valinomycin.
malathion A and B esterases of mouse liver-I.
increase in acetyl CoA synthetase activity after phenobarbital treatment.
inhibition of aldehyde reductase by acidic metabolites of the biogenic amines.
effects of 5,6-dihydroxytryptamine on tyrosine-hydroxylase activity in centralcatecholaminergic neurons of the rat.
inhibition of aldehyde reductase isoenzymes in human and rat brain.
antidepressant drugs affect dopamine uptake.
aggregation of blood platelets by adrenaline and its uptake.
Biochemical studies on camomile components/III
in vitro studies about theantipeptic activity of  -- -alpha-bisabolol  author's transl  .
Demonstration of tumor inhibiting properties of a strongly immunostimulatinglow-molecular weight substance
comparative studies with ifosfamide on theimmuno-labile DS carcinosarcoma
stimulation of the autoimmune activity forapprox
20 days by BA 1
a N- 2-cyanoethylene -urea
novel prophylacticpossibilities .
effect of etafenone on total and regional myocardial blood flow.
influence of a new virostatic compound on the induction of enzymes in rat liver.
pharmacological properties of new neuroleptic compounds.
Studies on the action of an anticholinergic agent in combination with atranquilizer on gastric juice secretion in man .
editorial  "Old lamps for new".
letter  Duration of action of AH8165.
lorazepam in sexual disorders.
lysosomal hydrolases of the epidermis
i
glycosidases.
lysosomal hydrolases of the epidermis
2
ester hydrolases.
a serum haemagglutinating property dependent upon polycarboxyl groups.
effect of human erythrocyte stromata on complement activation.
determinants of intracellular pH in the erythrocyte.
the effect of o-salicylate upon pentose phosphate pathway activity in normal and G6PD-deficient red cells.
the effects of processing of barley-based supplements on rumen pH
rate ofdigestion of voluntary intake of dried grass in sheep.
poly 8-aminoguanylic acid   formation of ordered self-structures and interaction with poly cytidylic acid .
effect of pH on substrate and inhibitor kinetic constants of human liver alanine aminopeptidase
evidence for two ionizable active center groups.
formation of transient complexes in the glutamate dehydrogenase catalyzedreaction.
human brain and placental choline acetyltransferase  purification and properties.
stabilization of the globular structure of ferricytochrome c by chloride inacidic solvents.
a competitive labeling method for the determination of the chemical properties ofsolitary functional groups in proteins.
modification of arginine and lysine in proteins with 2,4-pentanedione.
the origin of the alkaline inactivation of pepsinogen.
bovine liver dihydrofolate reductase  purification and properties of the enzyme.
purification and properties of Escherichia coli dihydrofolate reductase.
the influence of pH on the interaction of inhibitors with triosephosphateisomerase and determination of the pKa of the active-site carboxyl group.
monoanion inhibition and 35Cl nuclear magnetic resonance studies of renaldipeptidase.
the interaction of bovine erythrocyte superoxide dismutase with hydrogenperoxide  inactivation of the enzyme.
circular dichroism and fluorescence studies of homogeneous antibodies to type IIIpneumococcal polysaccharide.
conformational changes induced in a homogeneous anti-type III pneumococcalantibody by oligosaccharides of increasing size.
evidence of the involvement of a 50S ribosomal protein in several active sites.
the interaction of phospholipase A2 with micellar interfaces
the role of theN-terminal region.
phospholipase A2 as a probe of phospholipid distribution in erythrocytemembranes
factors influencing the apparent specificity of the reaction.
subunit interactions in yeast glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase.
kinetic light scattering studies on the dissociation of hemoglobin from Lumbricusterrestris.
the reversible reduction of horse metmyoglobin by the iron II  complex oftrans-1,2-diaminocyclohexane-N,N,N,n-tetraacetate.
constitution and properties of axonal membranes of crustacean nerves.
regulation of nitrogen fixation
nitrogenase-derepressed mutants of Klebsiellapneumoniae.
the reaction between the superoxide anion radical and cytochrome c.
identification of the 120 mus phase in the decay of delayed fluorescence inspinach chloroplasts and subchloroplast particles as the intrinsic back reaction.The dependence of the level of this phase on the thylakoids internal pH.
light-induced changes of absorbance and electron spin resonance in smallphotosystem II particles.
enzymic reactions of fatty acid hydroperoxides in extracts of potato tuber
iI.Conversion of 9- and 13-hydroperoxy-octadecadienoic acids to monohydroxydienoicacid
epoxyhydroxy- and trihydroxymonoenoic acid derivatives.
partial purification and properties of microsomal phosphatidate phosphohydrolase from rat liver.
bile acids
xLVII
12alpha-Hydroxylation of precursors of allo bile acids byrabbit liver microsomes.
partial purification and properties of a phenobarbital-induced aldehydedehydrogenase of rat liver.
cholinesterases from plant tissues
vI
preliminary characterization of enzymesfrom Solanum melongena L
and Zea mays L.
behavior of soluble and immobilized acid phosphatase in hydro-organic media.
purification and some enzymatic properties of the chitosanase from Bacillus R-4which lyses Rhizopus cell walls.
specificity studies on alpha-mannosidases using oligosaccharides frommannosidosis urine as substrates.
calcium-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase in the microsomal fraction of toothgerm from porcine fetus.
preparation and characterization of an enzymatically active immobilizedderivative of myosin.
radioactive labeling and location of specific thiol groups in myosin from fast,slow and cardiac muscles.
yeast glutathione reductase
studies of the kinetics and stability of the enzyme as a function of pH and salt concentration.
characteristics of the dephosphorylated form of phosphorylase purified from ratliver and measurement of its activity in crude liver preparations.
multiple forms of casein kinase from rabbit erythrocytes.
kinetic studies and effects of anions on creatine phosphokinase from skeletalmuscle of rhesus monkey  Macaca mulatta .
studies on rat renal cortical cell kallikrein
i
separation and measurement.
studies on electron transfer between mercury electrode and hemoprotein.
the binding of organic phosphates to human methaemoglobin A
perturbation of the polymerization of proteins by effectors.
n-terminal spin label studies of hemoglobin
ligand and pH dependence.
the behavior of holo- and apo-forms of bovine superoxide dismutase at low pH.
mechanical precipitation of hemoglobin köln.
physical properties and subunits of Haemopis grandis erythrocruorin.
myosin from arterial smooth muscle  isolation following actin depolymerization.
hybrids of chemical derivatives of Escherichia coli alkaline phosphatase.
some physicochemical properties of hemoglobin-manitoba  alpha2 102Ser replaced byArg  G9  beta2 .
the oxygen affinity of haemoglobin Tak
a variant with an elongated beta chain.
effects of membrane ribonuclease and 3'-nucleotidase on the digestion ofpolyuridylic acid by rat liver plasma membrane.
alterations in phospholipid-dependent  Na+ +K+ -ATPase activity due to lipidfluidity
effects of cholesterol and Mg2+.
conformational and molecular responses to pH variation of the purified membraneadenosine triphosphatase of Micrococcus lysodeikticus.
membrane-bound enzymes
iII
protease activity in leucocytes in relation toerythrocyte membranes.
Structure formation in interphase adsorption layers of lysozyme at liquidboundaries .
Relation between fluorescence and circular dichroism of the complex of thefluorescence probe 4-dimethylaminochalcone with serum albumin .
Luminescence study of the effect of temperature on the conformational state offibrinogen .
polymer concentration dependence of the helix to random coil transition of acharged polypeptide in aqueous salt solution.
hydrogen peroxide and iron  a microbial cellulolytic system?
microbial sources of cellulase.
mannosidosis  clinical and biochemical findings.
bovine mannosidosis--a model lysosomal storage disease.
ehlers-Danlos type V  X-linked form   a lysyl oxidase deficiency.
urinary alpha-L-fucosidase.
Combined effects of hypoxia and hypercapnia on the functional state of therespiratory center .
Level of nicotinamide coenzymes in the liver and myocardium of rats poisonedwith dichlorethane .
Effect of carbidine on conditioned defense reflexes .
Level of nicotinamide coenzymes in the myocardium of rats during the effects of methylxanthines  theophylline
theobromine
caffeine  and catecholamines .
potable water quality in rural Georgetown County.
symposium on malaria research.
6th International Symposium on Maritime Medicine 1974.
polypsychopharmacy.
Oxygen affinity of haemoglobin  author's transl  .
pH changes on the surface of burns.
proceedings  The effects of glucagon on the hepatic arterial vasculature of thedog  an inhibition of the effects of vasoconstrictor agents.
proceedings  Central hypertensive action of histamine in rats.
proceedings  Response of identified ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus neurons to putative neurotransmitters applied by microiontophoresis.
proceedings  The mechanism of "adrenaline reversal" in the anaesthetized cat and rabbit.
proceedings  Is ATP an inhibitory neurotransmitter in the rat stomach.
proceedings  Comparison of the effects of selective alpha and beta-receptoragonists on intracellular cyclic AMP levels and glycogen phosphorylase activityin guinea-pig liver.
proceedings  The role of dopamine in rotational behaviour produced by unilateral lesions of the locus coeruleus.
proceedings  Do anti-psychotic drugs act by dopamine receptor blockade in thenucleus accumbens.
proceedings  Evaluation of narcotic and narcotic antagonist analgesic drugs inthe dog dental pulp stimulation test.
meso-appendicular testis.
the importance of an innervated and intact antrum and pylorus in preventingpostoperative duodenogastric reflux and gastritis.
haemoglobin Rahere  beta Lys-Thr   A new high affinity haemoglobin associatedwith decreased 2
3-diphosphoglycerate binding and relative polycythaemia.
endoscopic papillotomy and removal of gall stones.
phobias complicating treatment of uterine carcinoma.
editorial  Childhood poisoning  prevention and first-aid management.
inhibitory postsynaptic actions of taurine
gABA and other amino acids onmotoneurons of the isolated frog spinal cord.
the involvement of lysophosphoglycerides in neurotransmitter release; thecomposition and turnover of phospholipids of synaptic vesicles of guinea-pigcerebral cortex and Torpedo electric organ and the effect of stimulation.
uptake of radiolabeled glucose analogues by organotypic pia arachnoid cultures.
processing of tRNA precursors in higher organisms.
cardiac output response to altered acid-base status during diethyl etheranaesthesia.
the prevention of autolysis of stored cornea using steroid as a lysosome membranestabilizer.
respiratory effects of H+ and dinitrophenol injections into the brain stemsubarachnoid space of fetal lambs.
soil fungistasis  elevation of the exogenous carbon and nitrogen requirements forspore germination by fungistatic volatiles in soils.
nitrofurazone-reducing enzymes in E
coli and their role in drug activation invivo.
enzymatic hydrolysis of agar  purification and characterization of neoagarobiose hydrolase and p-nitrophenyl alpha-galactoside hydrolase.
temperature and pH optima for 21 species of thermophilic and thermotolerantfungi.
physiological differences among isolates of Phytophthora cinnamomi.
regulation and properties of an invertase from Clostridium pasteurianum.
characterization studies on the membrane-bound adenosine triphosphatase  ATPase  of Azotobacter vinelandii.
effects of zinc-smelter emissions on forest soil microflora.
alpha-Naphthoflavone activation of 6-hydroxymethylbenzo alpha pyrene synthetase.
isolation and characterization of an unsubstituted 2,3-unsaturated sugar,trans-2,3-dideoxy-D-glycero-pent-2-enose
produced by thermal dehydration of2-deoxy-D-erythro-pentose.
prophylactic antiarrhythmic drug therapy in acute myocardial infarction.
Influence of beta-blocking agents on experimental atherosclerosis of cocks author's transl  .
cytotoxic interaction between gorgonian explants  mode of action.
the effects of the continuous administration of N,N-dimethyl-4-phenylazoaniline DAB  on the activities and the inducibilities of some drug-metabolizing enzymes in rat liver.
some characteristics of two azoreductase systems in rat liver
relevance to theactivity of 2- 4'-di 2"-bromopropyl -aminophenylazo benzoic acid  CB10-252
acompound possessing latent cytotoxic activity.
mercury inhibition of avian fatty acid synthetase complex.
Basic phospholipase of Naja nigricollis venom .
Spontaneous mortality and vascular lesions in 3 rat strains with different bloodpressure levels .
effects of decreasing arterial blood pressure on cerebral blood flow in thebaboon
influence of the sympathetic nervous system.
influence of hematocrit
blood gas tensions
and pH on pressure-flow relations inthe isolated canine lung.
interaction of the chemoreflex and the pulmonary inflation reflex in theregulation of coronary circulation in conscious dogs.
effect of coronary blood flow on glycolytic flux and intracellular pH in isolatedrat hearts.
mechanisms of glycolytic inhibition in ischemic rat hearts.
comparison of contractile performance of canine atrial and ventricular muscles.
serum lactate dehydrogenase activity ratios with different substrates.
fluorometric assay for N-acetylprocainamide.
rapid kinetic measurement of lactate in plasma with a centrifugal analyzer.
improved high-resolution high-voltage paper electrophoresis system for use inscreening for aminoacidopathies.
measurement of total alkaline phosphatase activity in human serum.
problems associated with the determination of arylsulfatase A and B usingnitrocatechol sulfate substrate.
a clinical method for the determination of serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase.
Inborn error of glycolipid metabolism .
treatment of renal hypertension.
effects of graded infusions of monomethylmethacrylate on coagulation
bloodlipids
respiration and circulation
an experimental study in dogs.
some pharmacologic aspects of the antihistamines
a survey of current clinicalapplications.
anaerobic glycolysis in normal human erythrocytes incubated in vitro with sodium salicylate.
arterial catecholamines in hypoxic exercise in man.
meal to pellet intervals in 14 species of captive raptors.
secretion of sulfuric acid in Cassidaria echinophora Lamarck  Mollusca Mesogastropoda
marine carnivorous snail .
studies on the lipid content of pigeon breast muscle.
seasonal variation in diet
volatile fatty acid production and size of the cecum of roch ptarmigan.
the auditory system of the goldfish  Carassius auratus   effects of intenseacoustic stimulation.
volatile fatty acids and metabolizable energy derived from cecal fermentation in the willow ptarmigan.
a comparison of intestinal amino acid absorption in various avian and mammalianspecies.
holeuryhalinity and its mechanisms in a cirriped crustacean
balanus improvisus.
a comparative study on the regulation of osmotic
ionic and organic-soluteconcentrations in the blood of aquatic organisms.
aestivation and thermoregulation in the Texas tortoise
gopherus berlandieri.
the respiratory quotient of Gammarus pulex L.
water balance of small lactating rodents--II
concentration and composition ofmilk of females on ad libitum and restricted water intakes.
insect morphogenetic hormones and developmental mechanisms in the nematode,Nematospiroides dubius.
osmotic interrelationship between blood and gut fluid in the isopod Porcellioscaber Latr
Crustacea .
effects of thermal stimulation to the spinal cord on heart rate in cyprinidfishes.
the long-term monitoring of ventilation rhythms of the polychaetous annelidNereis virens sars.
diving bradycardia in four species of North American aquatic snakes.
respiratory responses of Gillichthys mirabilis to changes in temperature,dissolved oxygen and salinity.
the pronephroi as the site of presumptive interrenal cells in the hagfish Myxine glutinosa L.
excreta analysis on additional cockroach species and the house cricket.
interrelationships between water and metabolism in Artemia cysts--II.Carbohydrates.
interrelationships between water and metabolism in Artemia cysts--III.Respiration.
studies on avian erythrocyte metabolism--I
procedure for separation andquantitation of the major phosphorylated metabolic intermediates by anionexchange chromatography.
effect of different prostaglandins on the permeability of the toad urinarybladder.
evaluation of amplitude and frequency changes of miniature potentials with a poorsignal-to-noise ratio.
practolol
caffeine and calcium in the regulation of mechanical activity of thecardiac ventricle in Myxine glutinosa  L. .
asymmetric distribution of aspartate in ganglia and single neurons of Aplysia.
electrophysiological actions of convulsants and anticonvulsants on neurons of theleech subesophageal ganglion.
the relative importance of monoamine oxidase and catechol-O-methyl transferase onthe physiologic response to administered norepinephrine in the turkey.
the cardiac cycle and the effects of neurohumors on myocardial contractility inthe Asiatic eel Anguilla japonica
timm
& Schle.
characteristics of the noradrenergic innervation of the left atrium in the chick  Gallus gallus domesticus
l. .
responsiveness of neurogenic hearts to octopamine.
action of kainic acid on a glutamatergic synapse.
the effects of 5-hydroxytryptamine depletors and monoamine oxidase inhibitors on color changes of the fiddler crab
uca pugilator  further evidence in support of the hypothesis that 5-hydroxytryptamine controls the release of redpigment-dispersing hormone.
evidence of a gastrin-like substance in Rhinobatus productus.
5-hydroxytryptamine as a possible inhibitory neurotransmitter in the centralnervous system of the leech
haemopis sanguisuga.
gastrin-like activity in an Indian python.
kinetics of antibody--hapten reactions.
influence of pH and hypoxia on the success of defibrillation.
effects of maleate on renal reabsorption of bicarbonate.
bicarbonate inhibition of rat kidney aconitate hydratase isoenzymes.
metabolic studies in experimental renal dysfunction resulting from maleateadministration.
multiple endocrine adenomatosis-I and II.
a randomized double-blind study of timolol in patients with essentialhypertension.
Observation of permanent teeth adjacent to teeth damaged by trauma .
idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis  hypertrophic obstructivecardiomyopathy  changing concepts-1975.
pleural effusion associated with aortitis syndrome.
the metabolic fate of securinine.
Transplantation and preservation of tissue-typized skin in burns .
Polyploidization and fusion of insect cells exposed to concanavalin A .
Ability of antilymphocyte sera to counteract the allogeneic inhibition ofhematopoietic stem cells .
Microenvironment of enzymes as 1 of the factors determining enzyme stability.Stabilization of soluble and immobilized horseradish peroxidase .
3d regional meeting of the specialty field of supervisory nurses inBaden-Württemberg
northern Group
june 25
1975 in district hospitalHeidenheim .
Adverse effects of anti-epileptic drugs .
charge properties of human pituitary and amniotic fluid prolactins.
human and monkey prolactin and growth hormone  separation of polymorphic forms byisoelectric focusing.
the interaction of SO2 with proteins.
ecological observation of the 137Cs-contamination in beef of animals from thesouthern-Bavarian area.
liver microsomal beta-glucuronidase and UDP-glucuronyltransferase.
biochemical aspects of renal ammonia formation in metabolic acidosis.
studies on the mechanism of the changes in serum and liver gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase activity
i
experimental extrahepatic cholestasis in rabbits.
studies on the mechanism of the changes in serum and liver gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase activity
iI
experimental hexachlorobenzene porphyria in rabbits.
changes in erythrocyte 2,3 diphosphoglycerate in women following short termmaximal exercise.
hydroxylation of p-Coumaric acid by illuminated chloroplasts
the role ofsuperoxide.
identification of chloride-binding sites in hemoglobin bynuclear-magnetic-resonance quadrupole-relaxation studies of hemoglobin digests.
the internal-alkaline pH gradient
sensitive to uncoupler and ATPase inhibitor,in growing Clostridium pasteurianum.
d-alanyl-D-alanine carboxypeptidase in the bacterial form and L-form of Proteusmirabilis.
pigeon-liver NAD kinase
the structural and kinetic basis of regulation of NADPH.
hydrogen ion changes and contractile behavior in the perfused rat heart.
changes of EEG and pulmonary venous admixture during a protein load in patientswith cirrhosis.
formation of fertilization acid by sea urchin eggs does not require specificcations.
primary culture of parenchymal liver cells on collagen membranes
morphologicaland biochemical observations.
cell transformation in isolated striated muscle of hydromedusae independent ofDNA synthesis.
induction of DNA synthesis by dichloroisoproterenol without initial rise of thecAMP level in the parotid gland of mouse.
cell density-dependent stimulation of glutamine synthetase activity in culturedmouse teratoma cells.
polyadenylation of nascent RNA during the embryogenesis of Ilyanassa obsoleta.
the effect of environmental pH upon acid hydrolase activities of cultured humandiploid fibroblasts.
enucleation of cells by density gradient centrifugation.
an evaluation of factors affecting the in vitro bioassay for erythropoietin.
Synthesis of N-substituted isoindolines .
Cryptorchism .
Elements of scientific work organization in ambulance feldshers' functions .
Participation of feldshers and midwives in the secret and partisan activitiesduring the great patriotic war .
The organization of health education meetings
verbal reports
carnivals,reader's conferences .
Problems concerning the training of feldshers in foreign countries .
Mechanisms of the thermogenic action of noradrenaline during adaptation tocold .
response to exogenous gonadotropins in the unresponsive ovary syndrome.
a comparative study of metal and plastic  Karman  cannulae for first trimesterabortion by suction curettage.
acute bacterial myositis following septic abortion
an unusual complication.
the binding of substrates and inhibitors to dihydrofolate reductase.
euglena gracilis deoxyribonucleic acid polymerases  subcellular locations andvariations during the cell cycle.
monomer complexes of polyadenylic acid.
5-Carbamoylmethyluridine  a new minor nucleoside of transfer ribonucleic acid.
the protective effects of cephaloridine on rat kidney lysosomes in vitro.
In vitro studies on human ovarian contractility  author's transl  .
Studies on the energy for sperm motility  author's transl  .
properties of urophysial proteins  urophysins  from the white sucker
catostomus commersoni.
glutamine synthetase in newborn mice homozygous for lethal albino alleles.
chromosomal basis of the merozygosity in a partially deploid mutant ofPneumococcus.
recombination as a requirement for segregation of a partially diploid mutant ofPneumococcus.
Extrabronchial effects of Bronchodilat in patients with asthma and chronicasthmatic bronchitis .
involvement of the small intestine in systemic mast cell disease.
gastric pH and microflora of normal and diarrhoeic infants.
Allogenic bone marrow transplantation in men .
Bone marrow transplantation in patients with aplastic anemia .
Analysis of clinical phenomena and changes in physico-chemical properties of theblood in mentally ill children .
Biphasic  ulcer-forming and ulcer-preventing  effect of adrenaline in rats .
Comparison of drug effects on the isolated rat colon and duodenum .
Monoamine oxidase  XXXVI
characteristics of benzylamine oxidase in the dogserum .
Combined use of bucolome and pyrazolone derivatives  1
pharmacologicalactivities and blood concentration .
Combined use of bucolome and pyrazolone derivatives  II
complex formation due to interaction between bucolome and pyrazolones .
fructose 1,6-bisphosphate aldolase activity of Rhizobium species.
prevention of cell agglutination and competence in a genetically transformablestrain of Pneumococcus by D-glucosamine and D-galactosamine.
effect of some aldoses on growth of Saccharomyces cerevisiae inhibited withmolybdenum.
transport properties of membrane vesicles from Acholeplasma laidlawii
iI.Kinetic characteristics and specificity of glucose transport system.
transport of 4-deoxy- and 6-deoxy-D-glucose in baker's yeast.
gluconic acid production by Penicillium puberulum.
a simple method of isolation and purification of cultures of wood-rotting fungi.
the effect of CTAB
a cationic surfactant
on the absorption rate of 14C tripalmitate from a test meal in the rat.
Language of the other .
Studies on low volume priming heart lung bypass  author's transl  .
Studies on extracorporeal circulation with large volume hemodilution usinglactate ringer's solution and low molecular weight dextran  alterations ofacid-base balance associated with intentional hemodilution  author's transl  .
Malignant rheumatoid arthritis .
purification and characterization of phosphodiesterase from Crotalus venom.
limited hydrolysis of tRNA by phosphodiesterase.
ecdysone Oxidase
an enzyme from the blowfly Calliphora erythrocephala  Meigen .
using a hospital for desensitization of an outpatient's illness-related fears.
analog computer for base excess and HCO3-from pH and PCO2 electrodes.
alcohol-related problems in a general hospital emergency room.
analysis of fatal blunt trauma presenting at an areawide trauma center.
surgical grand rounds  Ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
the psychological reactions of children to burn traumata  a review.
eKG of the month.
relative severity of hemolysis in the subtypes of ABO incompatible hemolyticdisease.
the demise of the Hopewellian moundbuilders  a plausible conjecture.
digitalis as treatment for pulmonary comsumption
1799.
aqueductal stenosis and Parinaud's syndrome.
time
money and the housestaff officer.
mitral valve prolapse in sarcoid heart disease.
jaundice after enflurane anesthesia.
the psychological reactions of children to burn traumata  a review
part II.
azygos venous connection of anomalous inferior vena cava.
second primary lung tumors.
penetrating injuries of the thorax  certain aspects of treatment.
an improved gastrostomy technique.
basal cell epithelioma in smallpox vaccination scar-fifty years later.
the adolescent who has lost a significant other.
eKG of the month.
a small community blood bank frozen blood program
twelve month report.
utilization and referral patterns in the acute illness department of amultispecialty clinic.
cardiovascular effects of beta-receptor stimulants in healthy volunteers.
isoelectric distribution of specifically purified rabbit antibody against4-azo-naphthalene-1-sulfonate.
studies of hyperimmune restricted and partially restricted anti-pneumococcalpolysaccharide antibodies from allotype-defined pedigreed rabbits--IV.Amino-terminal light chain sequence analyses of restricted homozygous b4 rabbitanti-SIII and SVIII antibodies from partially inbred rabbits.
analysis of immunosuppression generated by the graft-versus-host reaction
i
asuppressor T-cell component studied in vivo.
schiff-type dyes in the cytochemical staining of DNA.
response of alanine
tyrosine & leucine aminotransferases to dietary pyridoxine &protein in rat tissues.
a modified minimal medium for aspergillus nidulans.
pneumococcal type-associated variability in alternate complement pathwayactivation.
conditions for production
and some characteristics
of mycobacterial growthinhibitory factor produced by spleen cells from mice immunized with viable cells of the attenuated H37Ra strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
effect of pneumococci on blood clotting
platelets
and polymorphonuclearleukocytes.
some properties of a D-alanine carboxypeptidase in envelope fractions ofNeisseria gonorrhoeae.
phenomenon of hot-cold hemolysis  chelator-induced lysis ofsphingomyelinase-treated erythrocytes.
host defense against the pneumococcus in T-lymphocyte-deficient
nude mice.
The women don't know how to talk in Mexico .
in vitro antagonism of the mediators of allergy by a benzopyrano-benzopyrancarboxylic acid PR-D-92-EA.
tyrosine aminotransferase induction in normal and tumor-bearing chickens.
a behavior modification training program for staff working with drug addicts.
a kinetic study of the hydrolysis of N-acetyl dehydroalanine methyl ester.
the ophthalmologist's office  planning and practice
patient traffic flow and useof paramedical personnel.
behaviour therapy and personality change.
computer evaluation of the effect of urecholine on the spontaneous activity ofsmooth muscle from the urinary bladder of the rabbit.
characteristics of the non-occluded form of a nuclear polyhedrosis virus.
degradation of myxovirus virion RNA by periodate.
failure of rubella virus to replicate in mosquitos.
treatment of severe hypertension with minoxidil.
the influence of injection route and pH value on the activity ratio of yttrium-90to strontium-90 in the rat skeleton after 90Sr incorporation.
medical approach to the hypotensive patient and the patient in shock.
acute renal failure.
Parotid secretion and its pharmacologically induced variants  author's transl  .
analyses of rumen fluid from "sudden death"
lactic acidotic and healthy cattlefed high concentrate ration.
mitochondrial traits of muscle from stress-susceptible pigs.
local control of pulmonary resistance and lung compliance in the canine lung.
analysis of pesticides by chemical derivatization
i
a new procedure for theformation of 2-chloroethyl esters of ten herbicidal acids.
irreversible drug induced parkinsonism  two case reports .
inactivation of citrate lyase from Rhodopseudomonas gelatinosa by a specificdeacetylase and inhibition of this inactivation by L- +1-glutamate.
novel type of murein transglycosylase in Escherichia coli.
formation and cleavage of 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate by 2-keto-3-deoxygluconatealdolase of Aspergillus niger.
chemotaxis of a motile Streptococcus toward sugars and amino acids.
phospholipase D activity of gram-negative bacteria.
pyridine nucleotide-linked oxidation of methanol in methanol-assimilating yeasts.
expression of the hut operons of Salmonella typhimurium in Klebsiella aerogenesand in Escherichia coli.
regulation of the hut operons of Salmonella typhimurium and Klebsiella aerogenes by the heterologous hut repressors.
transport of molybdate by Clostridium pasteurianum.
3-Deoxy-D-arabino-heptulosonic acid 7-phosphate synthase mutants of Salmonellatyphimurium.
membrane location of a deoxyribonuclease implicated in the genetic transformationof Diplococcus pneumoniae.
regulation of dihydrodipicolinate synthase during growth and sporulation ofBacillus cereus.
d-Lactate dehydrogenase of Peptostreptococcus elsdenii.
purification
new assay
and properties of coenzyme A transferase fromPeptostreptococcus elsdenii.
isolation and purification of Flavobacterium alpha-1,3-glucanase-hydrolyzing,insoluble
sticky glucan of Streptococcus mutans.
production
purification
and characterization of an extracellular chitosanasefrom Streptomyces.
simple and sensitive procedure for screening yeast mutants that lyse atnonpermissive temperatures.
a nucleoside triphosphate-dependent deoxyribonuclease from Bacillus laterosporus.Purification and characterization of the enzyme.
rapid radioimmunoassay for guanosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate using tritiatedligand.
the effect of tryptophan administration on fatty acid synthesis in the livers of rats under various nutritional conditions.
electrophoretic investigations of the acid conformational change ofalpha-lactalbumin.
studies on cathepsins of rat liver lysosomes
iI
comparative studies on multipleforms of cathepsin A.
recombination of ciliary dynein of Tetrahymena with the outer fibers.
affinity labeling of D-amino acid oxidase with an acetylenic substrate.
studies on trypsin inhibitor in barley
i
purification and some properties.
metabolism of dog gastric mucosa
nucleotide levels in parietal cells.
metal ion dependence of the binding of triiodothyronine by cytosol proteins ofbullfrog tadpole tissues.
the active form of cytochrome P-450 from bovine adrenocortical mitochondria.
effects of strong electrolyte upon the activity of Clostridium perfringenssialidase toward sialyllactose and sialoglycolipids.
reconstitution of ion transport and respiratory control in vesicles formed fromreduced coenzyme Q-cytochrome c reductase and phospholipids.
ion transport and respiratory control in vesicles formed from reducednicotinamide adenine dinucleotide coenzyme Q reductase and phospholipids.
sn-Glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity in particulate preparations fromanaerobic
light-grown cells of Rhodopseudomonas spheroides
involvement of acyl thiolester derivatives of acyl carrier protein in the synthesis of complexlipids.
studies on thyroid hormone-binding proteins
i
the subunit structure of humanthyroxine-binding globulin and its interaction with ligands.
structural studies of two ovalbumin glycopeptides in relation to theendo-beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase specificity.
use of 5-deazaFAD to study hydrogen transfer in the D-amino acid oxidasereaction.
the NSILA-s receptor in liver plasma membranes
characterization and comparisonwith the insulin receptor.
decarboxylation of oxalacetate to pyruvate by purified avian liverphosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase.
hemoglobin Deer Lodge  beta 2 His replaced by Arg
consequences of altering the 2,3-diphosphoglycerate binding site.
patterns of fatty acid release from endogenous substrates by human platelethomogenates and membranes.
oxidation of NADPH by submitochondrial particles from beef heart in completeabsence of transhydrogenase activity from NADPH to NAD.
protein inhibitor of acid deoxyribonucleases
improved purification procedure andproperties.
nucleotide-metabolizing enzymes in Chlamydomonas flagella.
in vitro biosynthesis of sialosylgalactosylceramide  G7  by mouse brainmicrosomes.
proteolytic enzymes of the K-1 strain of Streptomyces griseus obtained from acommercial preparation  Pronase
purification and characterization of thecarboxypeptidase.
trypsin-sensitive photosynthetic activities in chloroplast membranes fromChlamydomonas reinhardi
y-1.
a complex of cardiac cytochrome c1 and cytochrome c.
leucine aminopeptidase  bovine lens
effect of pH on the relative binding ofZn2+ and Mg2+ to and on activation of the enzyme.
biochemical studies of tast sensation
binding of L- 3H alanine to a sedimentablefraction from catfish barbel epithelium.
arterialization of the coronary veins in diffuse coronary arteriosclerosis.
preparations of internal mammary arteries for coronary bypass with intraluminalpapaverine.
structure
composition
physical properties
and turnover of proliferatedperoxisomes
a study of the trophic effects of Su-13437 on rat liver.
localization of NADH oxidase on the surface of human polymorphonuclear leukocytesby a new cytochemical method.
defective lysosomal enzyme secretion in kidneys of Chediak-Higashi  beige  mice.
stimulation of 2-deoxy-d-glucose transport in control and virus-transformed cellsby ethidium bromide.
effect of pharmacological agents on human keratinocyte mitosis in vitro
iI.Inhibition by catecholamines.
serum-free growth of HTC cells containing glucocorticoid- and insulin-inducibletyrosine aminotransferase and cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors.
stimulation of lactic acid production in chick embryo fibroblasts by serum andhigh pH in the absence of external glucose.
isolation and studies of the granules of the amebocytes of Limulus polyphemus,the horseshoe crab.
the enzyme kinetics of phospholipase A
a student experiment.
carotenoids and related compounds
part XXXII
synthesis of astaxanthin,phoenicoxanthin
hydroxyechinenone
and the corresponding diosphenols.
purification of human red cell glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase by affinitychromatography.
simultaneous determination of propranolol and 4-hydroxypropranolol in plasma bymass fragmentography.
high pressure liquid chromatography on cannabis
identification of separatedconstituents.
amino acid analysis by ion-exchange chromatography using a lithium elutiongradient
influence of methanol concentration and sample pH.
determination of 3- 5-tetrazolyl  thioxanthone 10,10-dioxide in human plasma,urine and faeces.
methods to improve detection of pneumococci in respiratory secretions.
dependence on dose of the acute effects of ethanol on liver metabolism in vivo.
factors affecting the solubility of calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate crystals.
lorazepam compared with pentobarbital for nighttime sedation.
evidence from rats that morphine tolerance is a learned response.
murexide for determination of free and protein-bound calcium in model systems.
external validity of laboratory fear assessment  implications from two casestudies.
relaxation as a factor in semantic desensitization.
effect of trace elements on dissolution of hydroxyapatite by cariogenicstreptococci.
conductometric titration of aqueous solutions of polyacrylic acid and itscopolymers.
atmospheric levels of propoxur aboard submarines after residual spraying.
activity and longevity of insect growth regulators against mosquitoes.
uptake
translocation
and metabolism of tirpate in tobacco
nicotiana tabacum.
cannabis smoke condensate
identification of some acids
bases
and phenols.
stability of myofibrillar EDTA-ATPase in rabbit psoas fiber bundles.
soluble protein concentrate from alfalfa by low-temperature acid precipitation.
kinetics of cyanate and imidazole binding to hemin in micelles.
inguinal herniography in children.
Use of isotopes in the diagnosis of malignant breast tumors .
peroxisome development in the metanephric kidney of mouse.
physiological basis of host susceptibility of Florida mosquitoes to Dirofilariaimmitis.
inhibitory effects of antihistamines and antiserotonins on the bone marrowreactions produced by Escherichia coli endotoxin in mice.
Experimental study of hypothermia--with special reference to changes incerebrospinal fluid gases and lactate during perfusion cooling and circulatoryarrest .
A case of allergic granulomatous angitis  author's transl  .
criminal exposure of physician assistants.
on the interactions between pancreatic lipase and colipase and the substrate
andthe importance of bile salts.
effect of ionic strength and ionic composition of assay buffers on theinteraction of thyroxine with plasma proteins.
the innervation of the salivary gland of the moth
manduca sexta  evidence thatdopamine is the transmitter.
an electrophysiological analysis of chemoreception in the sea anemone Tealiafelina.
the selective eosinophil chemotactic activity of histamine.
hemoglobins and hemocyanins  comparative aspects of structure and function.
how do biological systems discriminate among physically similar ions?
photoreceptor processes  some problems and perspectives.
hydrolysis of the hen egg vitelline membrane by cock sperm acrosin and otherenzymes.
studies on renal tubular acidosis in collagen diseases
part II
the response of patients with collagen diseases to an acid load.
a field survey on home environmental sanitation in two districts of Kaohsiungcity
taiwan.
inactivation of Formosan snake venoms in vitro by the crude extract ofAristolochia radix.
takayasu's arteritis with coronary arterial occlusion and preinfarction angina.
some effects of low pH on chloride exchange in human red blood cells.
ionic properties of the acetylcholine receptor in cultured rat myotubes.
effect of cross-reinnervation on physiological parameters and on properties ofmyosin and sarcoplasmic reticulum of fast and slow muscles of the rabbit.
chitin synthase in Mortierella vinacea  properties
cellular location andsynthesis in growing cultures.
protoplasts of Schizosaccharomyces pombe  an improved method for theirpreparation and the study of their guanine uptake.
manganese mutagenesis in yeast
a practical application of manganese for theinduction of mitochondrial antibiotic-resistant mutations.
the properties and large-scale production of L-asparaginase from citrobacter.
effect of inorganic phosphate on acridine inhibition and plasmid curing inEscherichia coli.
oxidation of carbon monoxide and methane by Pseudomonas methanica.
systematic desensitization to reduce dream-induced anxiety.
cerebral aromatic aminotransferase.
stearyl coenzyme A desaturase activities in rat brain microsomes.
aTPase activity of neuroblastoma cells in culture.
experimental evaluation of the spasmogenicity of dopamine on the basilar artery.
the evolving role of the nurse and the neurosurgical physician's assistant in thetreatment of intractable pain states.
the neurosurgical nurse as a departmental assistant.
fatty acid and ketone body metabolism in the rat  response to diet and exercise.
some mechanisms of reduction of carotenoid levels in chickens infected withEimeria acervulina or E
tenella.
metabolic studies on the development of ethanol-induced fatty liver in KK-Aymice.
different reactivities of 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine and 5-bromouracil in thebisulfite-mediated debromination.
renal response to acid loading in the developing lamb fetus
intact in utero.
recognition and significance of maternogenic fetal acidosis during intensivemonitoring of labor.
solubilization and stabilization of the cytotoxic agent coralyne.
solvolysis of a substituted imidazoline
mazindol.
complexation in formulation of parenteral solutions  solubilization of thecytotoxic agent hexamethylmelamine by complexation with gentisic acid species.
inhibitory effect of dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate on trypsin activity.
in vitro adsorption of diphenoxylate hydrochloride on activated charcoal and its relationship to pharmacological effects of drug in vivo
i.
binding of bile acids to cholestyramine at gastric pH conditions.
group contribution data obtained by ion-pair extraction of prostaglandin B2 with aliphatic amines.
amodiaquin accumulation by mouse erythrocytes infected with Plasmodium berghei.
the neurochemistry of Parkinson's disease  effect of L-dopa therapy.
studies on the mechanism of depletion of striatal dopamine byalpha-methyl-m-tyrosine.
characteristics of gastric inhibition by acidification of oxyntic gland area.
the influence of pH on equilibrium effects of tetrodotoxin on myelinated nervefibres of Rana esculenta.
the influence of pH on the rate of tetrodotoxin action on myelinated nervefibres.
the formation of synapses in amphibian striated muscle during development.
comparative studies of Trypanosoma vespertilionis Battaglia and Trypanosomadionisii Bettencourt & França.
the use of psychotropic drugs in general practice
a report of a year's survey.
n-Isopropyl derivatives of dopamine and 5,6-dihydroxy-2-aminotetralin.
relation between diel activity and respiration in Armigeres subalbatus Coquillett   Diptera  Culicidae .
educational programs for team delivery
interdisciplinary education of healthassociates  The Johns Hopkins experience.
the regional workshops on primary care.
current issues in primary care education  review and commentary.
new health practitioner education  problems and issues.
the training of new health manpower.
two training programs
mEDEX  the education-development interface.
characteristics of physician's assistant programs.
phospholipases
iII
effects of ionic surfactants on the phospholipase-catalyzed hydrolysis of unsonicated egg lecithin liposomes.
negative potential level in the outer layer of the toad skin.
the avian erythrocyte  a study of fixation for electron microscopy.
gelation of sickle hemoglobin
iII
nitrosyl hemoglobin.
interactions between cysteine residues as probes of protein conformation  thedisulphide bond between Cys-14 and Cys-38 of the pancreatic trypsin inhibitor.
a study of the histidine residues of human carbonic anhydrase C using 270 MHzproton magnetic resonance.
the refined crystal structure of bovine beta-trypsin at 1.8 A resolution
iI.Crystallographic refinement
calcium binding site
benzamidine binding site andactive site at pH 7.0.
electrostatic side chain complementarity in collagen fibrils.
hemoglobin solution and the oxyhemoglobin dissociation curve.
effect of antihistamine-antiserotonin and ganglionic blocking agents uponincreased capillary permeability following burn trauma.
bacteriophage T4 baseplate components
iI
binding and location ofbacteriophage-induced dihydrofolate reductase.
uukuniemi virus contains an RNA polymerase.
wolffian duct cyst.
radiographic examination of mandibular lesions in barren-ground caribou.
statistical data on allied medical education.
bacteriologic diagnosis of acute pneumonia
comparison of sputum
transtrachealaspirates
and lung aspirates.
periarteritis nodosa in the kidney
recovery following immunosuppressive therapy.
Contractile function of the heart
adrenergic beta receptor blockaders andcardiac function .
Studies of the effects of aircraft noise causing mental fatigue during someintellectual performance  author's transl  .
experimental diarrhea in cynomolgus monkeys by oral administration withClostridium perfringens type A viable cells or enterotoxin.
Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association.Fulfilment and some disappointment .
Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Association
heateddiscussion in the General Meeting and bureaucratic attitude in the Public Health Section .
Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association.Disappointing attitude of the Assembly toward the nursing system .
Impression on the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association
needfor more realistic attitude toward nursing .
Impression of the 1975 General Meeting of the Japan Nursing Association
lack ofpositive approaches in the Public Health Section .
A study on cryptorchidism
report 1
changes in plasma levels of FSH
lH andtestosterone in cryptorchidism with loading of luteinizing hormone-releasinghormone  author's transl  .
postnatal development of testicular capillaries and the effect of experimentalcryptorchid on capillaries in rats.
Federation of Salaried Employees' meeting and the stand taken by the Federation of Midwives .
Effect of peripheral counterpulsation on the body of an animal with intactheart .
Regulation of interrelation between pulmonary ventilation and circulation .
dilution acidosis and contraction alkalosis  review of a concept.
multiple cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases in rat kidney.
effect on aging on plasma renin and aldosterone in normal man.
modification of angiotensin-mediated tubulo-glomerular feedback by extracellular volume.
Immune mechanisms in uremia .
improvement of renin determination in human plasma using a commonly availablerenin standard in a radioimmunological method.
Validity of pH measurements by means of micro pH combination electrodes in bloodand other biological fluids  author's transl  .
Glutathione  author's transl  .
mEDEX South Carolina  a progress report.
the effects of drinking on offspring  an historical survey of the American andBritish literature.
problems of epidemiology in alcohol problems.
prevalence of alcoholism among ward patients in a veterans administrationhospital.
extracellular volume Expansion after ethanol in dogs.
hyperexcitability in the neural substrate of emotional behavior in cats afteralcohol withdrawal
evidence of a rapid development of alcohol dependence.
interactions of age
sex and long-term alcohol intake in selectively bred strainsof rats.
the mediating role of emotions in alcohol use.
alcoholism and marriage  the argument against specialism.
symptoms of alcoholism in women  a preliminary survey of A.A
members.
sex-role adjustment and drinking disposition of women college students.
prearrest behavior of persons convicted of driving while intoxicated.
daily alcohol consumption patterns in Boston  some findings and a partial test ofthe Tuesday hypothesis.
treatment of alcoholic methadone-maintenance patients with disulfiram.
kinetic analysis of active membrane transport systems  equations for net velocityand isotope exchange.
quantitative aspects of regulation of cellular cyclic AMP levels
iI
kinecticsof drug action in a model cyclic AMP generating system.
a hypothesis for the pathway of the thermally-induced unfolding of bovinepancreatic ribonuclease.
regional study of acid hydrolases and lysosomal membrane properties in the normalhuman brain at various ages.
the late effects of selected immunosuppressants on immunocompetence
diseaseincidence
and mean life-span
iI
cell-mediated immune activity.
development of a miniature pH glass electrode with field-effect-transistoramplifier for biomedical applications.
development of a minature pCO2 electrode for biomedical applications.
Treatment of ischemic wounds in the elderly by covering with pigskinheterografts .
calcium activation of brain tryptophan hydroxylase.
acute and chronic effects of nicotine on synthesis and storage of catecholamines in the rat adrenal medulla.
subcellular localization of guanylate cyclase.
further studies on the pharmacology of a false cholinergic transmitter, 2-hydroxyethyl  methyldiethylammonium  diethylcholine .
catechol-O-methyltransferase from rat liver  two forms having different meta paramethylation ratios.
properties of solubilized prostaglandin synthetase from sheep vesicular glands.
adenosine as a putative transmitter in the cerebral cortex
studies withpotentiators and antagonists.
kinetic characterization of rat serum dopamine-beta-hydroxylase using asimplified radioenzymatic assay.
the serotonergic system in the brain and its possible functional connections withother aminergic systems.
proctolin  a peptide transmitter candidate in insects.
structure of the pentapeptide proctolin
a proposed neurotransmitter in insects.
on the substrate specificity of cathepsins B1 and B2 including a new fluorogenic substrate for cathepsin B1.
crassin acetate
the principal antineoplastic agent in four gorgonians of thePseudoplexaura genus.
ecological amplitudes of herbs
spices
and medicinal plants.
lipoxygenase isozymes of peanut.
Foci of lymphocyte-like cells in the bone marrow of irradiated mice .
asthma  the promise of drug therapy.
Coronary heart disease and its differential treatment .
The value of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidases in the diagnosis of liver diseases .
6 years of the International Union of Societies of Immunology
presidentialreport  Brighton 1974  .
the action of uncouplers on lipid bilayer membranes.
cation permeation mechanisms and cation selectivity in "tight junctions" ofgallbladder epithelium.
growth and handling of yeasts.
methods for avoiding proteolytic artefacts in studies of enzymes and otherproteins from yeasts.
induction of haploid glycoprotein mating factors in diploid yeasts.
induction
selection
and experimental uses of temperature-sensitive and otherconditional mutants of yeast.
recycling doctors.
Pulmonary involvement in collagen diseases .
Computer experience and further developments in the respiratory functionlaboratory  author's transl  .
less medicine than we think?
the challenge of HEW.
manpower
medicine and money.
alaska.
eDP
alternatives  two case histories.
choosing a computer system.
planning for HIS.
mental health reform fails.
evaluate job to set compensation.
setting depreciation schedules.
choosing an understudy.
denial of staff privileges upheld.
chemical transmitter systems in the brain.
regional cerebral circulation in man and its regulation.
phosphate transport in rat liver mitochondria
kinetics
inhibitor sensitivity,energy requirements
and labeled components.
l-tyrosine  2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase induction by hydrocortisone in thethymus of the white rat.
identification of the 30 S protein adjacent to peptidyl transferase catalyticcenter of Escherichia coli ribosomes.
case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital
weekly clinicopathologicalexercises
case 1-1976.
letter  Impact of physicians' assistants.
letter  Dyskinesia associated with chronic antihistamine use.
letter  Grams of antipsychotics?
the value of a histamine H2-receptor antagonist in the management of patientswith the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
shattuck lecture--strengths and weaknesses of the committee approach
an analysisof past and present recommended dietary allowances for protein in health anddisease  second of two parts .
selective release of newly synthesised and newly captured GABA from synaptosomes by potassium depolarisation.
effect of minor tranquillisers on hippocampal theta rhythm mimicked by depletion of forebrain noradrenaline.
direct identification and characterisation of beta-adrenergic receptors in ratbrain.
prolonged activation of tyrosine hydroxylase in noradrenergic neurones of ratbrain by cholinergic stimulation.
letter  Cysteine and survival of transplanted thymoma.
effect of denervation and local damage on extrajunctional L-glutamate receptorsin locust muscle.
tentative classification of NAD P -linked dehydrogenases in regard to theirstereochemistry of hydrogen transfer to the coenzyme.
induction of tyrosine aminotransferase by insulin not mediated by cyclic GMP.
histamine receptors in the vasculature of the rabbit ear.
relative pre- and postsynaptic potencies of alpha-adrenoceptor agonists in therabbit pulmonary artery.
investigation into some imidazoline compounds
with respect to peripheralalpha-adrenoceptor stimulation and depression of cardiovascular centers.
the regulation of striatal tyrosine hydroxylase
effects of gamma hydroxybutricacid and healperidol.
host-tumor relationship XXXIII
inhibitor of hyaluronidase in blood serum ofcancer patients.
influence of peritoneal dialysis on factors affecting oxygen transport.
some effects of ammonium salts on renal histology and function in the dog.
papillary necrosis associated with calyceal arteritis.
fasting uric acid and phosphate in urine and plasma of renal calcium-stoneformers.
effects of varying dialysate calcium concentrations on the plasma calciumfractions in patients on dialysis.
Pharmacological treatment of arterial hypertension .
a study of the central effects of sympathomimetic drugs  EEG and behaviouralinvestigations on clonidine and naphazoline.
influence of desmethylimipramine on some neurochemical alterations duringexperimental hypothyroidism.
further studies on the ganglionic and smooth muscle stimulating effect ofpotassium on the peristaltic reflex of the guinea-pig isolated ileum.
lymphocyte physiology and function.
if you like variety
become an orthopedic surgeon's assistant.
'War games' against cancer.
Borderline between antiepileptic and psychopharmacological drugs  author'stransl  .
Intoxication due to analeptics in 8 newborn infants .
identification
purification and properties of clone-specific glycoproteinantigens constituting the surface coat of Trypanosoma brucei.
the determination of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase by reaction rate assay at 37degrees C.
Activity of some digestive enzymes in the urine and feces in infants with acute gastro-intestinal diseases .
the influence of cortisol on the enzymes of fatty acid synthesis in developingmammalian lung and brain.
Tooth and alveolar process trauma in children .
the golden era of immunology at the Rockefeller Institute.
the relation between myosin adenosinetriphosphatase activity and inactivation of myosin under alkaline conditions of heart muscles in mammals of different size.
carbon dioxide response curves during hypothermia.
Zollinger-Ellison syndrome treated medically by an inhibitor of H2 histaminereceptors .
Relationship between serum antibiotic concentration and inhibiting potency ofthe serum
application to ampicillin and amoxicillin .
letter  Gamma glutamyltranspeptidase  gamma GT  after myocardial infarction.
Exercise test in the asthmatic patient
study of 75 patients .
Anaphylactic accidents due to glaphenine
5 cases .
Letter  An undesirable effect of beta-stimulating agents
outbreak of an acutepsychiatric symptomatology in mental patients .
Effect of sex hormones preparations on some indices of liver function underexperimental conditions .
Diagnostic value of A1AT
alpha-amylase and GGTP activity in urine in chronicglomerulonephritis .
management of myocardial infarction.
the treatment of intractable pain.
anxiolytic drugs.
'Meningitis by the score'.
intranasal betamethasone valerate in seasonal rhinitis.
urinary acidification in renal allografts.
a simple test for early detection of severe renal homograft rejection.
catalysis by acetylcholinesterase  evidence that the rate-limiting step foracylation with certain substrates precedes general acid-base catalysis.
light-dependent absorption and selective scattering changes at 518 nm inchloroplast thylakoid membranes.
phiX174 DNA-dependent DNA synthesis in vitro  requirement for P1 ban protein indnaB mutant extracts of Escherichia coli.
intramolecular arsanilazotyrosine-248-Zn complex of carboxypeptidase A  a monitorof catalytic events.
ubiquinone-mediated coupling of NADH dehydrogenase to active transport inmembrane vesicles from Escherichia coli.
protection of lethally irradiated mice with allogeneic fetal liver cells influence of irradiation dose on immunologic reconstitution.
mechanism of action of penicillin  triggering of the pneumococcal autolyticenzyme by inhibitors of cell wall synthesis.
identification of NADPH-thioredoxin reductase system in Euglena gracillis.
purification of folate binding factor in normal umbilical cord serum.
intramolecular arsanilazotyrosine-248-Zn complex of carboxypeptidase A  a monitorof multiple conformational states in solution.
presence of norepinephrine and related enzymes in isolated brain microvessels.
control of breathing in disease.
recent studies on transport of respiratory gases by the red blood cell.
disorders of micturition in bacterial prostatitis.
change in pH of expressed prostatic secretion during the course of prostatitis.
bone marrow transplants.
Picolylamides of the nicethamide type
6
structure-activity relationships ofanaleptics of the nicethamide type .
Biotransformation and pharmacokinetics of beta-receptor blockaders .
Synthesis of new beta 1-receptor blockaders .
Structure-activity relationship of phenoxyalkanolamine derivatives withselective beta 1-receptor blocking action .
The pharmacology of +/- -1- 4-cyclohexylureido-phenoxy -2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane Talinolol
cordanum
02-115  .
Studies on the action of talinolol  Cordanum
02-115  on the coronary bloodcirculation .
The effects of 1- 4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy -2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane  talinolol
cordanum
02-115
practolol and propranolol on the lipid content of the rat serum .
Study on the chronic toxicity of1- 4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy -2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane talinolol,Cordanum
02-115  in the rat and the beagle .
Teratological study of talinolol  Cordanum
02-115  .
Quantitative colorimetric determination of1- 4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy -2-hydroxy-3-tert butylaminopropane  talinololCordanum
02-115  in body fluids .
The pharmacokinetics of1- 4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy -2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane  talinolol,Cordanum
02-115
1
blood levels in dogs .
The pharmacokinetics of1- 4-cyclohexylureidophenoxy -2-hydroxy-3-tert-butylaminopropane  talinolol,Cordanum
02-115  2
excretion
blood level and distribution of the 14C-labeledcompound in the rat .
Hemodynamic action of talinolol  Cordanum
02-115
a new beta-receptor blockingsubstance
in man .
Clinicopharmacological studies on the bronchoconstrictive side effect of thebeta-receptor blockader talinolol  Cordanum
02-115  in patients with asthma orchronic obstructive lung diseases .
nonenzymatic reactivation of des-acetyl citrate lyase by acetyl adenylate
first example of enzyme activation by chemotrophic modification.
relationship between bovine serum albumin structure and its chemical equilibriawith hydrogen and 5-hydroxytryptamine ions.
Circadian variations of the activity and induction of tyrosine aminotransferase after x-irradiation .
some psysicochemical properties of mitochondrial and cell sap alanineaminotransferase from the rat CNS.
Postvacccinal encephalomyelitis after protective antirabic innoculation,combined with polioencephalomyelitis  lyssa?  .
Course and results of treatment with 3 activating neuroleptics .
drug addiction  I
a theoretical framework for behavior therapy.
components of desensitization in modification of fear among genuinely fearfulsubjects.
the effect of L-dopa on young patients with simple schizophrenia
treated withneuroleptic drugs  a double-blind cross-over trial with Madopar and placebo.
the specificity of binding of the narcotic agonist etorphine in synapticmembranes of rat brain in vivo.
the cholinergic system and nociception in the primate  interactions withmorphine.
effects of thienodiazepine derivatives on human sleep as compared to those ofbenzodiazepine derivatives.
effect of two weeks' treatment with thioridazine
chlorpromazine
sulpiride andbromazepam
alone or in combination with alcohol
on learning and memory in man.
effects of chronic exposure to stressors on avoidance-escape behavior and onbrain norepinephrine.
molecular mechanisms in the receptor-mediated regulation of tyrosine hydroxylase.
plasma/blood level monitoring techniques in psychiatry.
short or long hospitalization for psychiatric disorders?
long-acting phenothiazine and social therapy in the community treatment of acute schizophrenics.
cNS stimulants and anabolic substances in geropsychiatric therapy.
gerovital-H3--a review of the literature.
behavior analysis of the effects and mechanisms of action of benzodiazepines.
the possible involvement of GABA mechanisms in the action of benzodiazepines oncentral catecholamine neurons.
possible involvement of GABA in the central actions of benzodiazepines.
involvement of GABA in the action of benzodiazepine--studies on rat cerebellum.
on characterizing psychosis in multi-ethnic settings.
dopamine neurons  role of impulse flow and presynaptic receptors in theregulation of tyrosine hydroxylase.
evidence for drug actions on both pre- and postsynaptic catecholamine receptorsin the CNS.
evaluation of combined pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment inpatients with functional abdominal disorders.
allosteric interpretation of haemoglobin properties.
effects of x-irradiation on cell division
oxygen consumption
and growth medium pH of an insect cell line cultured in vitro.
letter  The reactions of hydrogens atoms in aqueous solutions  effect of pH onreactions with cysteine and penicillamine.
behavioral effects of hypothalamic releasing hormones in animals and men.
prolyl-leucyl-glycine amide  PLG  and thyrotropin-releasing hormone  TRH   DOPApotentiation and biogenic amine studies.
some effects of ACTH4-10 on performance during a continuous reaction task.
the renin-angiotensin system and drinking behavior.
neurotransmitters and temperature regulation.
neuroendocrine effects of perinatal androgenization in the male ferret.
delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol action and neuronal membrane-bound enzymes.
modification of in vitro neurotransmitter release from rat brain slices byhypophyseotropic factors.
techniques for the study of the biochemical basis of drug action.
structure and function of haemoglobin.
The role of Mg and Ca ions in muscle contraction  author's transl  .
Giant cell tumors
conclusions .
role of cardiovascular and ionic changes in pathogenesis and prevention ofisoprenaline-induced cardiac necrosis.
alterations in norepinephrine pattern in the damaged myocardium in the rat.
prevention of myocardial Ca overload and necrotization by Mg and K salts oracidosis.
receptors for insulin
nSILA-s
and growth hormone  applications to diseasestates in man.
explanation of the stimulation of microsomal N-demethylation reactions by solublesupernatant fraction.
an attempt to correlated analgesia to changes in brain neuromediators in rats.
colorimetric determination of 5-aminosalicylic acid and its N-acetylatedmetabolite on urine and feces.
Pressures
blood gases
pH
lactate and pyruvate concentrations in the portalvenous blood in patients after laparotomy during the first 9 days  author'stransl  .
biochemical and biophysical changes in guinea pigs after acute head injury.
total brain ischaemia in dogs  cerebral physiological and metabolic changes after15 minutes of circulatory arrest.
oxygen and carbon dioxide dissociation of duck blood.
first apparent dissociation constant of carbonic acid
pK'1
of plasma anderythrocytes.
the effects of changes in pH and PCO2 in blood and water on breathing in rainbow trout
salmo gairdneri.
Acute toxic dilatation of the colon in hemorrhagic rectocolitis .
Pulmonary function in chronic bronchitis and emphysema
vI
pulmonary mixing .
Hypoxemia and hypercapnia in the development of chronic cor pulmonale .
Post-traumatic hemorrhagic subacute constrictive pericarditis .
Diabetic lactic acidosis .
Myeloid metaplasia with myelosclerosis in the course of a syndrome ofsplenogenic portal hypertension with a background of splenic tuberculosis .
Left atrial calcification
report of a case .
Current studies in the clinical physiology of gastric secretion .
Duodenal dyskinesia  duodenal stasis  and modifiers of digestive tract behavior  atropine
insulin
metoclopramide  .
Problems in the treatment of the operated stomach .
Treatment of biliary tract diseases .
Medico-surgical tactics in the treatment of gastro-duodenal ulcer .
Treatment of chronic pancreatitis .
Treatment of ulcerative colitis .
Treatment of chronic hepatitis .
Prospective study of the evolutive modalities of active chronic hepatitis withor without corticotherapy .
Therapeutic possibilities and risks in hepatic cirrhosis with water-electrolyte metabolism disorders .
Treatment of the malabsorption syndrome .
Treatment of chronic constipation  constipation disease  .
Articular lubrication under normal and pathological conditions  therapeuticconsequences .
Premise for the pathogenetic definition of toxinfectious and endotoxic shockstates .
Clinical and prognostic studies of 41 patients with left anterior hemiblock inthe onset of acute myocardial infarct .
Detection of rheumatoid factors with the "rheumatoid rosette"immunocytoadherence test .
Prolonged treatment with prednisone and azathioprine in chronic hepatitis withimmunological disorders .
Use of bethanidine sulfate in the treatment of arterial hypertension .
Value of cycloserine  Tebemicin  in the treatment of acute attacks of chronicpyelonephritis .
Adenocarcinoma of the 2d portion of the duodenum .
Lesional asymmetry and hepatocellular and enterocytic evolutive asynchronismunder the influence of some exogenous factors .
Some therapeutic aspects of obsessive-phobic neuroses .
the effect of pH upon fluoride uptake in intact enamel.
determination of inorganic pyrophosphatase in rat odontoblast layer by aradiochemical method.
assessment of denture plaque pH in subjects with and without denture stomatitis.
bioluminescence assay of enzymes obtained from buccal epithelium by superficialscraping.
gastroduodenal emptying and motility.
identification of the gastroduodenal junction by potential differencemeasurements.
allogeneic marrow transplantation for the treatment of leukaemia
a review.
Interpretation of various chemical parameters in the pollution of coastalwaters .
Uncertain position in the therapeutic team
symposium for nurses on "Parenteral and Tube Feeding" and members' congress of the German Nurses' Association inDüsseldorf .
current status of treatment of pneumonia.
Physical work capacity of patients with bronchial asthma after treatment withbronchodilator agent
berotek .
Complications of sombrevin anesthesia in minor gynecological surgery .
'Picture frame' fibres in a carrier of the trait for malignant hyperpyrexia.
the GP dilemma
recommendations and synopsis of a student conference.
Report from the National Representatives of the Scandinavian Nurses'Federation's meeting in Iceland .
Association's meeting after half a year .
a clinical conference for inactive nurses.
gastric emptying of liquids after different vagotomies and pyloroplasty.
pancreatic enzyme response with an elemental diet.
Nurses' drug information  therapeutic action group  benzodiazepine derivatives
1 .
Nurses' drug information  therapeutic action group  benzodiazepine derivatives
2 .
Nurses' drug information; therapeutic action group  benzodiazepines
3 .
Health and nursing care's working environment should be critically examined.Contribution to the discussion about working environment as an introduction tothe congress .
molecular biology of human plasminogen
i
physiochemical properties andmicroheterogeneity.
gastric fibrinolysis.
proceedings  Effects of pH on arachidonic acid induced platelet aggregation.
proceedings  Variations in quantitative ristocetin platelet aggregation  RPA with time after platelet rich plasma  PRP  preparation  association withalteration in pH.
proceedings  Hemophilia  modified by a post-exercise plasminogen activator.
effect of lysosomal cationic proteins from polymorphonuclear leukocytes upon the fibrinogen and fibrinolysis system.
prothrombin profragment-1 optical rotatory dispersion and circular dichroism.
Students' action adopted at convention .
acid-base parameters in the dehydrated camel.
Clinical experiences with untreated homologous vein grafts in reconstruction of arteries  author's transl  .
Bacteria as cause of dental caries .
Current interpretation of the testicular maldescention problem .
Maldescensus testis in the dog .
experimental methanol toxicity in the primate  analysis of metabolic acidosis.
the effect of a simulated subarachnoid hemorrhage on cerebral blood flow in themonkey.
effects of oxygen saturation and pCO2 on brain uptake of glucose analogues inrabbits.
lactate and pyruvate concentrations
and acid-base balance of cerebrospinal fluidin experimentally induced intracerebral and subarachnoid hemorrhage in dogs.
a study of variables affecting the quality of platelets stored at "roomtemperature".
marrow grafts between canine littermates showing one-way nonstimulation in mixed leukocyte culture.
engraftment of allogeneic dog bone marrow.
induction of tolerance to third-party donor organs in canine radiation chimeras.
dopamine-containing neurons of the substantia nigra and their terminals in theneostriatum.
discussion  Metachromatic leukodystrophy
an unusual case with a subtlecerebroside sulfatase defect.
Separation of the hormones of the adenohypophysis of rats by use ofelectrophoresis in polyacrylamide gel in the presence of sodium dodecyl sulfate .
Properties of NAD-glycohydrolase of the nuclei of the liver cells of rats .
Some properties of "soluble" Na+ and K+-ATPase obtained from various subcellularmembrane structures of the brain by use of non-ionic detergents .
Properties of glutamine synthetase of the brain of rats during ontogenesis .
Properties of NAD-pyrophosphorylase of the nuclei of liver cells of chickens .
Biosynthesis of flavins and its regulation in the yeast Pichia guilliermondii .
DNases and RNases of Misgurnus fossilis ovocytes .
Determination of optimal conditions for the electron-cytochemical detection ofATPase activity in isolated nuclei .
Drug information
metoprolol  Seloken
hässle  .
characteristics of renovascular hypertension in Japan.
Catecholamines
cholinergic and serotoninergic complexes as criteria ofprognosis in acute cranio-cerebral trauma .
Incarcerated gallbladder in cholecystitis .
Determination of the proteolytic activity of beef liver by means of naturalsubstrates labed with 125 I .
significance of serum pepsinogen and abomasal pH levels in a field infection of Ocircumcincta in lambs.
Cultivation of Trichomonas gallinarum and Trichomonas tenax on a trimed medium .
pneumococcal bacteriophages.
44th Internal Medicine Meeting in Boboty-Terchova--April 18
1975 on Headache .
Certain aspects of regulation of cerebral blood flow .
Gasometric studies in pneumonia in newborn infants .
amylase of the thermophilic actinomycete Thermomonospora vulgaris.
Properties of the NADP+-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenases of Acinetobactercalcoaceticus .
Pyridine nucleotide-independent oxidation of long chain aliphatic alcohols by anenzyme of Acinetobacter calcoaceticus .
Chronic heart diseases
6th diagnostic-therapeutic discourse of the ZFA inFreudenstadt .
Virus diseases of the skin and genital organs
6th diagnostic-therapeuticdiscourse of the ZFA in Freudenstadt 1975 .
Preparation of hyperthyreotic patients for surgery .
Incidence and clinical course of vaccination complications .
Experimental ulcer .
The effect of therapeutic gentamycin doses on the enzyme secretion in urine .
acetylcholinesterase in atopic skin in relation to the B blockade model of atopy.
Alkaline phosphatases in human feces
intestinal mucosa and bile
and theoccurrence of 5'-nucleotidase in feces  author's transl  .
simultaneous determination of 5'-nucleotidase and alkaline phosphatase activitiesin serum.
absorption of short and medium chain fatty acids in the jejunum of the rat.
carcinogenic N-nitro-dimethylamine from the reaction of the analgesic amidopyrineand nitrite extracted from foodstuffs.
Proceedings  Intracellular pH and CO2-binding curve of the myocardium in normoand hyperthermia in rats .
A modern quick method for the acidity determination of the gastric juice pentagastrin test  .
histochemical observations on the occurrence of glycolytic and pentose phosphate cycle enzymes in the hepatopancreas and their possible relation to eyestalkfactor s  in the crab Scylla serrata  Forskal .
Physiologic mechanisms of goal-directed movements .
Different influence of the semicastration and of unilateral cryptorchism on the controlateral testis .
Expert opinion on the tooth-preserving properties of chewing gum Y .
effect of sodium chloride on the staphylococcal growth in milk.
seed pelleting with systemic insecticide  Aldicarb  for the control of pests ofmungo  Phaseolus aureus L. .
growth of Staphylococcus aureus
experimentally inoculated in Damietta cheese.
Influence of the massive transfusion of cold and warmed preserved blood on theoxygen-transport function of the blood .
Acid-base equilibrium during physiological pregnancy .
The cathode bound group antigen of dysentery-provoking escherichieae  author'stransl  .
Role of pH of the cerebrospinal fluid in the action of a vasodilator agent,No-Shpa
on cerebral blood flow .
Isolation of the individual structural elements of bacteria of the genusBordetella and a study of their properties
i
the formation of mureinoplasts andtrue protoplasts from B
pertussis .
pH stability of sugar media in the process of determining Shigella sonneibiotypes .
Sympathico-adrenal system activity in a primary immune response .
Covalent binding of peroxidase to CH- and AH-Sepharose 4 B .
aerobacter aerogenes PRL-R3 urease
purification and properties.
further characterization of the association of glyceraldehyde-3-phosphatedehydrogenase with reticulocyte membranes.
Effect of the vagus nerve on isolated rabbit atria in ganglionic blockade due tohexamethonium .
chemical relaxation studies on the system liver alcohol dehydrogenase
nADH andimidazole.
preliminary experience in the treatment of schizophrenia with pipothiazine andits derivatives.
comparative study of virological infections in asthmatic and nonasthmaticchildren.
acute otitis media
a clinical bacteriological and serological study of children with frequent episodes of acute otitis media.
multiple forms of staphylococcal alpha-toxin.
binding of digitoxin to human serum albumin  influence of ionic strength andionic medium on the digitoxin-albumin complex formation.
dibenzepine and its metabolites in blood
muscle
liver
vitreous body and urine from fatal poisoning.
gas chromatography and electron capture detection of benzophenones
part XI.Applications in the oxidation of gem-diphenylmethane substituted compounds bybarium peroxide.
aTP analogs.
acetylcholinesterase.
binding energy
specificity
and enzymic catalysis  the circe effect.
biochemical function and homeostasis  the payoff of the genetic program.
direct evidence of heterolysis of gorgonian target cells.
immunoincompatibility reactions in corals  Coelenterata .
allogeneic distinction in Botryllus primigenus and in other colonial ascidians.
specific rejection of integumentary allografts by the sea star Dermasteriasimbricata.
use of the GVH reaction to investigate the regulation of the humoral immuneresponse.
endosymbiosis and cellular tolerance in the Hawaiian soft coral Sarcotheliaedmondsoni verrill.
hard tissue tumors of scleractinian corals.
sex as a factor in metabolism
toxicity
and efficacy of pharmacodynamic andchemotherapeutic agents.
effect of amphetamine-type psychostimulants on brain metabolism.
electrophysiology and pharmacology of cardiac arrhythmias
iX
cardiacelectrophysiologic effects of beta adrenergic receptro stimulation and blockade
part C.
frustration.
dedication 1975...it almost wasn't.
epidemiologic investigations of the 1969 epidemic of Venezuelan encephalitis inEcuador.
congenital malformations of the central nervous system produced by narcoticanalgesics in the hamster.
evaluation of a non-professional visual screening method.
ionic requirements of proximal tubular sodium transport
iI
hydrogen ion.
eCS
intracellular pH
and electrolytes of cardiac and skeletal muscle.
intracellular pH and K+ of cardiac and skeletal muscle in acidosis and alkalosis.
effects of autonomic neurohumors on transmembrane potentials of atrial plateaufibers.
interstitial fluid pressure and alkaline gastric secretion.
overview  maintenance therapy in psychiatry  I
schizophrenia.
inpatient and outpatient patterns of psychotropic drug prescribing bynonpsychiatrist physicians.
letter  More on the treatment of delusional depressed patients.
letter  Energizing effects of piperacetazine.
toward a national health policy--values in conflict.
eastern equine encephalomyelitis in upstate New York 1972-1974.
Metabolic acidosis as a side-effect of methoxyflurane anesthesia  author'stransl  .
purification of flavin-adenine dinucleotide and coenzyme A onp-acetoxymercurianiline--Agarose columns.
a problem encountered in a study of the effects of lanthanide ions onenzyme-catalyzed reactions.
an accurate method for estimating 5-phosphoribosyl 1-pyrophosphate in animaltissues with the use of acid extraction.
determination of rhodanese activity using a pH-STAT apparatus.
separation of low molecular weight RNA by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
a spectrophotometric assay for trans-cinnamic acid 4-hydroxylase activity.
assay of proteolytic enzyme with a leucine-selective electrode.
the polarographic determination of some thiazide diuretics in compound tablets.
the electrochemical determination of vitamin A
part II
further voltammetricdetermination of vitamin A and initial work on the determination of vitamin D in the presence of vitamin A.
protective effect of hypothermia in cerebral oxygen deficiency caused by arterialhypoxia.
hazards of anesthesia and operation in maple-syrup-urine disease.
letter  Fluroxene concentration in the perfusate.
characterization of a caprine herpesvirus.
transfer of drugs across the ruminal wall in goats.
preservation of hypoxic pulmonary pressor response in canine pneumococcalpneumonia.
value of capillary blood gas analyses in the management of acute respiratorydistress.
bone marrow transplantation in man.
the virus hypothesis in systemic lupus erythematosus.
letter  beta-Blockers and myasthenia gravis.
letter  Heat exhaustion and respiratory alkalosis.
ascorbic acid and biological systems
ascorbic acid and electron transport.
some properties of the ascorbate free radical.
dehydroascorbate uptake and reduction by human blood neutrophils
erythrocytes,and lymphocytes.
the membrane transport of ascorbic acid.
chemistry and metabolism of ascorbic acid and ascorbate sulfate.
safety considerations with high ascorbic acid dosage.
carcinofetal alterations in glucosamine-6-phosphate synthetase.
a hepatoma-associated alkaline phosphatase
the Kasahara isozyme
compared withone of the isozymes of FL amnion cells.
gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase
a sensitive indicator of renal ischaemic injury inexperimental animals and renal homograft rejection in man.
influence of pH on the heat inactivation of staphylococcal enterotoxin A asdetermined by monkey feeding and serological assay.
survival of salmonellae during pepperoni manufacture.
growth of Staphylococcus and Salmonella on frankfurters with and without sodiumnitrite.
characterization of an extracellular dextranase from Fusarium moniliforme.
nonautotrophic Thiobacillus in acid mine water.
reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate  NADPH -dependent formationand breakdown of hydrogen peroxide during mixed function oxidation reactions inliver microsomes.
mixed function oxidation of hexobarbital and generation of NADPH by the hexosemonophosphate shunt in isolated rat liver cells.
studies on the alkaline phosphatase and 5'-nucleotidase of Dictyosteliumdiscoideum.
evidence of an essential histidine residue in rabbit liver aryl sulfatase A.
substrate and inhibitor complexes of dihydrofolate reductase fromamethopterin-resistant L1210 cells.
glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenases from Euglena gracilis
purification andphysical and chemical characterization.
isoionic titration and isopycnic density gradient centrifugation studies ofmagnesium activation and subunit dissociation in yeast enolase.
a beta-disordered chain transition in oligo Tyr-Ala-Glu .
aminoacylation of Escherichia coli cysteine tRNA by selenocysteine.
a Polydeoxythymidylic acid-specific deoxyribonuclease from rat ascites hepatomacells.
effects of net charge on the hydrogen-deuterium exchange parameters of lysozyme.
effect of pH and ionic strength on the catalytic and allosteric properties ofnative and chemically modified ox liver mitochondrial glutamate dehydrogenase.
carbohydrate compositions of the rabbit plasminogen isozymes.
pH dependence of the alpha-glucose 1,6-diphosphate inhibition of hexokinase II.
inhibition by lipoperoxidation of amino acid incorporation by rough microsomalmembranes in vitro and its partial reversibility.
enzymatic synthesis and reactions of uridine 5'- 5-thio-alphaD-glucopyranosylpyrophosphate .
heme-linked protonation of HCN
cO
nO and O2 complexes of reduced horseradishperoxidases.
graft versus host reaction
an ultrastructural study.
nephrotic syndrome in indian children.
separation of deoxyribonucleases  DNases  of normal human stratum corneum andpsoriatic scales by micro-disc-electrophoresis.
subcellular distribution of phosphatases
proteinases
and ribonucleases innormal human stratum corneum and psoriatic scales.
a reinvestigation of the sites of transcription and translation of Euglenachloroplastic phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetase.
Hyperthermia in the rabbit
iI
studies on influencing respiration with exogenichyperthermia .
outpatient phenothiazine use and bone marrow depression
a report from the drugepidemiology unit and the Boston collaborative drug surveillance program.
Tumour hyperacidulation through intravenous glucose infusion enhanced byamygdalin and beta-glucosidase application  author's transl  .
Determination of acidity-constants in mixed solvents  author's transl  .
studies of the pain produced by mafenide acetate preparations in burns.
microbiol growth in lipid emulsions used in parenteral nutrition.
propoxyphene and norpropoxyphene tissue concentrations in fatalities associatedwith propoxyphene hydrochloride and propoxyphene napsylate.
Morphological manifestations and morphogenesis of the graft vs
host reaction inthe brain of F1 hybrids following the administration of parental lymphoid cellsand its effect on tumor inoculation .
metachromatic leukodystrophy
ultrastructural and enzymatic study of a case ofvariant O form.
changes in the acid base status of sheep anaesthetised with a combination ofatropine sulphate acepromazine and ketamine hydrochloride.
influence of some physical factors on survival of Marek's disease vaccine virus.
molecular nature of beta-galactosidase from different tissues in two strains ofthe house mouse.
the effects of acute and chronic nicotine hydrogen  + -tartrate administrationand subsequent withdrawal on rat liver tryptophan pyrrolase activity and theircomparison with those of morphine
phenobarbitone and ethanol.
plastid development in primary leaves of Phaseolus vulgaris
development ofplastid adenosine triphosphatase activity during greening.
tricarboxylic acid-cycle and related enzymes in restricted facultativemethylotrophs.
desaturation of stearic acid by liver and adipose tissue fromobese-hyperglycaemic mice  ob/ob .
the stimulation by synaptic transmitters of the incorporation of oleate into the phospholipid of synaptic membranes.
the interaction of magnesium ions with teichoic acid.
the mechanism of hydrolysis of beta-glycerophosphate by kidney alkalinephosphatase.
the pH-dependence and group modification of beta-lactamase I.
oxidase-peroxidase enzymes of Datura innoxia
oxidation of formylphenylaceticacid ethyl ester.
purification of 2-oxoaldehyde dehydrogenase and its dependence on unusual amines.
determination of polyadenylate-rich ribonucleic acid in the nucleus and in thecytoplasm of plasmacytoma cells.
the amino acid sequence of Neurospora NADP-specific glutamate dehydrogenase
the tryptic peptides.
the amino acid sequence of Neurospora NADP-specific glutamate dehydrogenase.Peptides from digestion with a staphylococcal proteinase.
the amino acid sequence of Neurospora NADP-specific glutamate dehydrogenase.Peptic and chymotryptic peptides and the complete sequence.
activities of citrate synthase
nAD+-linked and NADP+-linked isocitratedehydrogenases
glutamate dehydrogenase
aspartate aminotransferase and alanineaminotransferase in nervous tissues from vertebrates and invertebrates.
properties of 5-aminolaevulinate synthetase and its relationship to microsomalmixed-function oxidation in the southern armyworm  Spodoptera eridania .
aMP-deaminase of human skeletal muscle
divalent metal cations and catalyticactivity.
the attachment of glutamine synthetase to brain membranes.
studies on variant glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenases  G6PD Fort Worth.
nature and possible origin of human serum ribonuclease.
formation of non-amidine products in the reaction of primary amines with imidoesters.
formation of non-amidine products in the chemical modification of horse liveralcohol dehydrogenase with imido esters.
tetrahydropterin  reduction of cytochrome c and coupled phosphorylation atmitochondrial site 3.
dihydrofolate reductase from a methotrexate-resistant Escherichia coli  protonmagnetic resonance studies of complexes with folate and methotrexate.
ampholyte displacement chromatography - a new technique for the separation ofproteins illustrated by the resolution of beta-N-acetyl-D-hexosaminidaseisoenzymes unresolvable by isoelectric focusing or conventional ion-exchangechromatography.
evidence for histidine as another functional group of delta-aminolevulinic aciddehydratase from beef liver.
on the isolation of a prolactin inhibiting factor  hormone .
a comparison of the substrate specificities of endo-beta-N-acetylglucosaminidasesfrom Streptomyces griseus and Diplococcus Pneumoniae.
dNA polymerase in nuceoli isolated from Ehrlich ascites tumor cells.
the NAD-linked alpha-glycerophosphate dehydrogenase of trypanosomes.
further evidence for a proton pump in mouse kidney phagolysosomes  effect ofnigericin and 2,4-dinitrophenol on the stimulation of intralysosomal proteolysis by ATP.
formate as an inhibitor of cytochrome c oxidase.
trypsin-catalyzed activation of aspartase.
effect of pressure on the absorption spectrum of some heme compounds.
evidence for an acetyl-enzyme intermediate in the action of acetyl-CoAsynthetase.
inhibition of the adenylylation of glutamine synthetase by methionine sulfoneduring nitrogenase derepression.
isolation and purification of cytokinin binding protein from tobacco leaves byaffinity column chromatography.
on the possible interrelations of the reactivity of soluble succinatedehydrogenase with ferricyanide
reconstitution activity
and the Hipip ironsulfur center.
inhibition of bacterial wall lysins by lipoteichoic acids and related compounds.
modification of human erythrocyte ghosts with transglutaminase.
glycerol inhibition of purified and chromatin-associated mouse liver hepatoma RNApolymerase II activity.
phase changes induced by cyclopropane of phosphatidylserine bilayers in thepresence and absence of calcium.
aTP synthesis catalyzed by purified DCCD-sensitive ATPase incorporated intoreconstituted purple membrane vesicles.
proposed mechanisms of stimulation and inhibition of guanylate cyclase withreference to the actions of chlorpromazine
phosphoipases and Triton X-100.
lYSYL oxidase dependent synthesis of a collagen cross-link containing histidine.
utilization of ammonia for tryptophan synthesis.
a heparan sulfate-degrading endoglycosidase from rat liver tissue.
study of the heat treatment of hemoglobin by means of spin labels.
activation of residual acidic alpha-mannosidase activity in mannosidosis tissues by metal ions.
beef liver L-Glutamate dehydrogenase mechanism  presteady state study of thecatalytic reduction of 2.oxoglutarate by NADPH.
a Specific effect of external ATP on the permeability of transformed 3T3 cells.
nitrosation of phenacetin
formation of N-nitroso-2-nitro-4-ethoxyacetanilide as an unstable product of the nitrosation in dilute aqueous-acidic solution.
Thermographic and histologic studies of the antiinflammatory effect ofbenorilate by means of the cotton pellet test in the rat  author's transl  .
acidic antiinflammatory agents--correlations of some physical
pharmacologicaland clinical data.
Clinical trial of a novel benzodiazepine derivative in a double-blind studyusing the Wittenborn psychiatric rating scale  author's transl  .
proceedings  Ion activities on the surface of pial vessels following intravenous vasoactive drugs.
proceedings  Cerebral blood flow during arterial hypoxia.
proceedings  Regulation of the diameters of pial arteries in cats.
proceedings  Coupling between metabolism and blood flow in the brain in hypoxichypoxia and hypoglycemia.
flavoxate and 3-methylflavone-8-carboxylic acid
assay methods in blood andurine
plasma-red cells repartition and stability.
On the pharmacology of 9,10-dihydro-10- 1-methyl-4-piperidylidene -9-anthrol  WA335
a histamine and serotonin antagonist  author's transl  .
Central action of WA-335-BS
a substance with peripheral antiserotonin andantihistaminic activity .
the distribution and elimination of radioactivity in the rat after administrationof 14C-4-acetamidophenyl-2-acetoxybenzoate  benorylate .
comparative studies of parasympatholytic drugs on stomach  double blind test  andanalysis of relation between gastric form and tonus.
Treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency with fungal lipase  author'stransl  .
study of the sporulation of Bacillus thuringiensis var
thuringiensis.
Antisecretory and anti-gastric ulcer activity of atranquilizing-parasympatholytic combination .
a double-blind controlled therapeutic trial of lorazepam vs medazepam inpsychosomatic conditions in general practice.
angioneurotic oedema with alclofenac therapy.
some observations on the effects produced in white mice following the injectionof certain suspensions of corroding bacilli.
lysosomal hydrolases of the epidermis
3
peptide hydrolases.
micellar solubilization of fatty acids in aqueous media containing bile salts andphospholipids.
influence of the products of phospholipolysis of phosphatidylcholine on micellar solubilization of fatty acids in the presence of bile salts.
the purification and characterization of the low molecular weight human folatebinding protein using affinity chromatography.
studies on IgA and IgA monoclonal proteins derived from a single patient.Evidence for identical light chains and variable regions of the heavy chain.
conformational properties of bovine plasma albumin with a cleaved internalpeptide bond.
detection and partial characterization of lipoprotein lipase in bovine aorta.
purine nucleotide pyrophosphotransferase from Streptomyces morookaensis
capable of synthesizing pppApp and pppGpp.
protein kinase in cultured plant cells.
adenosine triphosphate  nicotinamide mononucleotide adenylyltransferase of pigliver
purification and properties.
phospholipase A2 isoenzyme from porcine pancreas
purification and someproperties.
cylic nucleotide phosphodiesterase in silkworm
characterization of cyclic GMPphosphodiesterase.
glucanases in Schizosaccharomyces
isolation and properties of anexo-beta-glucanase from the cell extracts and culture fluid ofSchizosaccharomyces japonicus var
versatilis.
purification and some properties of a novel maltohexaose-producing exo-amylasefrom Aerobacter aerogenes.
inhibition of human liver beta-galactosidases and beta-glucosidase byn-bromoacetyl-beta-D-galactosylamine.
endo-arabinanase from Bacillus subtilis F-11.
aminopeptidases in webbing clothes moth larvae
properties and specificities ofthe enzymes of intermediate electrophoretic mobility.
studies on an activator of the  Ca2+ plus Mg2+ -ATPase of human erythrocytemembranes.
Acid and alkaline denaturation of superoxide dismutase .
Light scattering by cell suspensions in normal conditions and exposed toexternal factors .
Letter  Change in trypsin sensitivity during structural rearrangements inbiological membranes .
absorption of rat liver ribosomal ribonucleic acids on agar gels.
The fragmentation and reconstruction of the oligomycin-sensitive ATPase systemof liver mitochondria .
Study of acetyl-CoA-synthetase from staphylococcus aureus .
Effect of prosthetic group of horseradish peroxidase on enzyme stability .
Wheat protein disulfide reductase .
Modification of pancreatic ribonuclease activity in complexes with polyanions .
Kinetics and mechanism of action of horseradish peroxidase in the reaction ofdioxyfumaric acid oxidation with atmospheric oxygen .
Some physical and chemical properties of serinesulfhydrase from chicken liver .
Specificity of extracellular alkaline RNAase from Penicillium chrysogenum 152A .
Intermediate plateaux in kinetics of the reaction catalyzed by biodegradativeL-threonine dehydratase from Escherichia coli .
Isoenzymes of phosphorylase from skeletal muscles of cyclostomata and raw-boned fish .
Multiple forms of rabbit muscle phosphofructokinase revealed by means ofspecific elution .
Flourescent properties of histidine decarboxylase from Micrococcus sp
n .
Activity of polynucleotide phosphorylase in ribosomal fraction of rat liver .
The effect of oxidazable substrates and ATP on the sensitivity of certainenergy-dependent functions submitochondrial particles to phospholipases A
c and D .
the inhibition of the motility of human spermatozoa by various pharmacologicagents.
meeting report
plastics in medicine and surgery.
raman studies of bovine serum albumin.
a model for the origin of stable protocells in a primitive alkaline ocean.
hypothesis on the role of liganded states of proteins in energy transducingsystems.
some properties of a protease  subtilisin BPN'  immobilized to porous glass.
profiles for pH
temperature
and dissolved O2 levels in enzyme production monitoring in small-scale fermentors.
Action of neuraminidases isolated from Diplococcus pneumoniae and Clostridiumperfringens on the viscosity and elastic properties of bronchial secretions .
the effect of sulphydryl compounds and cross linking agents on the viscous andviscoelastic properties of mucus.
the specificity of heterophil antibodies in patients and healthy donors with noor minimal signs of infectious mononucleosis.
bone marrow transplantation for aplastic anaemia from a HL-A and MLC-identicalunrelated donor.
inhibitory effect of parathion on the photosynthetic electron transport system inisolated spinach chloroplasts.
modification of Michael's method for determination of serum acetyl cholineesterase activity.
physician extenders
protocols
and quality medical care.
stability studies of ampicillin in intravenous fluids using optical activity.
evidence for noradrenaline and adrenaline as sympathetic transmitters in thechicken.
antiarrhythmic
haemodynamic and metabolic effects of3alpha-amino-5alpha-androstan-2beta-ol-17-one hydrochloride in greyhoundsfollowing acute coronary artery ligation.
the use of radioactive microspheres to compare the effects of hydralazine,guanethidine and SK & F 24260 on the redistribution of cardiac output inanaesthetized rabbits.
impact of psychosocial factors on the conduct of combined drug and psychotherapy research.
letter  First-aid treatment of poisoning.
letter  Ocular reactions to beta-blocking drugs.
editorial  Bronchiectasis today.
"Syrup of ipecacuanha".
neurochemical studies in a mouse teratoma with neuroepithelial differentiation.Presence of cyclic AMP
serotonin and enzymes of the serotonergic
adrenergic andcholinergic systems.
trans-synaptic regulation of the development of end organ innervation bysympathetic neurons.
mechanism of action of Mg2+ and Zn2+ on rat placental alkaline phosphatase
i.Studies on the soluble Zn2+ and Mg2+ alkaline phosphatases.
porcine chymotrypsin A-pi
a more acidic chymotrypsin.
properties of a free and a solubilized form of bound alpha,alpha-trehalasepurified from honey bee thorax.
immunotherapy for cancer  an overview.
the reproductive season of Newfoundland caribou.
l- alphaS
5S -alpha-amino-3-chloro-4,5-dihydro-5-isoxazoleacetic acid NSC-163501   a new amino acid antibiotic with the properties of an antagonist ofL-glutamine.
antitumor and immunosuppressive activities of lankacidin-group antibiotics structure-activity relationships.
the advanced clinical nurse  ACN  and the health team.
why urinalysis?
control of autoreactivity by a humoral factor of the thymus  THF .
differential production of interferon and lymphotoxin by human tonsillymphocytes.
effect of a single administration of testosterone on the immune response andlymphoid tissues in mice.
Experience with the treatment of undescended testis .
evidence for a physiological role of renal sympathetic nerves in adrenergicstimulation of renin release in the rat.
effects of storage in the cold on activity of gamma-glutamyltransferase in serum.
letter  Optimal gamma-glutamyltransferase assay?
quantitative fractionation of alkaline phosphatase isoenzymes according to their thermostability.
spectrophotometric end-point method for assay of serum cystyl-aminopeptidase inpregnancy.
improved separation of creatine kinase cardiac isoenzyme in serum by batchfractionation.
the dependence of tryptamine excretion on urinary pH.
a stabilising factor for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in urine.
properties of beta-glucuronidase activity in human synovial fluid.
glucose-phosphate isomerase deficiency due to a new variant  GP I Barcelona  and to a silent gene  biochemical
immunological and genetic studies.
alkaline and enzymatic hydrolysis of conjugated bile acids.
rosette formation by mouse lymphocytes
iV
fc and C3 receptors occurringtogether and separately on T cells and other leucocytes.
ontogeny of immunity in humans.
fluroxene toxicity induced by phenobarbital.
plasma concentrations and the time-course of beta blockade due to propranolol.
evaluation of lorazepam and pentobarbital as surgical premedicants.
the renal elimination of procainamide.
seasonal variations in the composition of urine in relation to calciumstone-formation.
Diphenylhydantoin-beta-adrenolytic combinations and digitalis poisoning .
the electrophysiology of transduction
retinal interaction and axonal conduction in invertebrate photoreceptors.
the effect of splenectomy on the hematology and on the activity ofdelta-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase  ALA-D  in hemopoietic tissues of thedogfish
scyliorhinus canicula  Elasmobranchii .
circadian variations of hormonal content in the nervous system of the crayfish.
fatty acid and carbohydrate storage in the annual reproductive cyclice ofEchinaster.
temperature preferences and electrocardiography of Elaphe obsoleta  Serpentes .
water metabolism in the llama.
geographical and electrical features of large neurons in Limulus abdominalganglia.
reduced glutathione--a comparative study of erythrocytes from various species of marsupials in Australia.
a study of the electrophysiological properties of the incurrent siphonal valvemuscle of the surf clam
spisula solidissima.
occurrence and possible adaptive significance of beta-glucuronidase andarylamidase  "leucine aminopeptidase"  activity in two species of marinenematodes.
protein and energy utilization by the insect
argyrotaenia velutinana  Walker ,fed diets containing graded levels of an amino acid mixture.
urea metabolism in the llama.
the effect of host adrenalectomy on the physiology of Trypanosoma rhodesiense.
temperature adaptation at the hemoglobin level in Carassius auratus.
direct PCO2 measurements in the dorso-bronchial gas of awake Peking ducks evidence for a physiological role of the neopulmo in respiratory gas exchanges.
absorption and transport of exogenous protein in the archinephric duct of theopisthonephric kidney of the sea lamprey
petromyzon marinus L.
changes in plasma glucose and liver glycogen following the administration ofgluconeogenic precursors to the starving fowl.
studies on the chemistry of the octopus renal system and an observation on thesymbiotic relationship of the dicyemid Mesozoa.
the crustacean cuticle--III
composition of the individual layers in Cancerpagurus cuticle.
salinity tolerance of the tidepool shrimp Palaemon ritteri Holmes.
respiration rates and ATP concentrations in the excised gills of the blue crab asa function of salinity.
ontogeny of homeothermy in Microtus pennsylvanicus and Octodon degus.
chloride transport and its inhibition by thiocyanate in gills of seawaterteleosts.
intestinal absorption of amino acids in rats infected with Nematospiroidesdubius.
an oxygen dependent current in Aplysia neurons  an approach to the question ofcellular hypoxic adaptation.
body temperatures and heart rates of laboratory rats and Belding squirrels Spermophilus beldingi  during behavioral thermoregulation.
the role of the tail in temperature regulation of the cotton rat
sigmodonhispidus.
carbonic anhydrase levels in the tissues of flounders adapted to sea water andfresh water.
observations on the distribution of visual pigments in Amphibia.
the influence of divalent cations on allosteric behaviour of muscle pyruvatekinase from the sea mussel Mytilus edulis L.
purification and some properties of ATP  arginine phosphotransferase from seaanemones
condylactis aurantiaca.
cellulase and related enzyme activities in a carnivorous mollusc  Octopusvulgaris Lamarck.
distribution of lead
zinc and calcium in Dendrobaena rubida  Oligochaeta  livingin soil contaminated by base metal mining in Wales.
problems of the pathogenesis
clinics
and therapy of panarteritis of the aortaand its branches.
mJ 9022  correlation between neuroleptic potential and stereotypy.
piperacetazine in the treatment of mixed neurotics.
efficacy of doxycycline in acute infections of the lower respiratory tract.
Hernia in childhood .
third Psychoactive Drug Usage Guide.
lorazepam and diazepam in the treatment of neurotic anxiety  a double-blindtrial.
Adenine and pyridine nucleotides in forms of Verticillium dahliae Kleb.differing in pathogenicity .
Effect of pH and pyridoxal phosphate on the quaternary structure of E
coliglutamate decarboxylase .
Study of immunological competence in mice by means of the graft versus hostreaction .
identification and urinary excretion of p-chlorophenoxyacetamide
a metabolite ofiproclozide
in humans.
tissue metabolites of trifluorperazine
fluphenazine
prochlorperazine
andperphenazine
kinetics in chronic treatment.
comparative biotransformation of triflubazam in rats
dogs
and monkeys.
physiological disposition and metabolism of 5- 2',4'-difluorophenyl salicyclicacid
a new salicylate.
spironolactone metabolism in man studied by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
n-hydroxyamobarbital  the second major metabolite of amobarbital in man.
correlation of 14C-griseofulvin metabolism in rat liver microsomes
isolatedperfused rat livers
and in rats with bile duct cannulas.
oxidative biotransformation of 2-acetylaminofluorene in fetal and placentaltissues of humans and monkeys
correlations with aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylaseactivities.
effect of 3-methylcholanthrene treatment on phenacetin O-dealkylation in several inbred mouse strains.
further studies of metyrapone effects upon anilide hydroxylation.
nature and fate of insecticide residues inhaled by rats in cigarette smoke.
absorption and disposition of2- 4- 2,2-dichlorocyclopropyl phenoxy -2-methylpropanoic acid
wIN 35,833
inrats
monkeys
and men.
the gastrointestinal absorption of methadone in the rat.
biliary excretion of colchicine in newborn rats.
disposition in rats of a polyoxypropylene-polyoxyethylene copolymer used inplasma fractionation.
uptake and disposition of aldrin and dieldrin by isolated perfused rabbit lung.
kinetic and spectral studies of type I and type II compounds with rat hepaticmicrosomes in the presence of the major metabolite of diphenylhydantoin.
change in the kinetics of sulphacetamide tissue distribution in Walkertumor-bearing rats.
cytochrome P-450 measurement in rat liver homogenate and microsomes
its use for correction of microsomal losses incurred by differential centrifugation.
complications of immunisation  whooping cough vaccine.
Role of adrenergic mechanisms in origin of arrhythmias following administration of tricyclic antidepressive agents .
Studies on the potentiation of the antibiotics contained in Prednobiotad .
Review  Allergic dermatoses in the dog .
problems with practolol.
Reliability of doping tests in sports .
report on the occurrence and habitat of mosquitoes in two locations in MachakosDistrict
kenya.
identification of "big" human placental lactogen in placenta and serum.
the water-to-air transfer of 35SO4= by bursting bubbles.
differential effects of phenobarbital and pentobarbital on isolated nervoustissue.
the reaction of horse-liver alcohol dehydrogenase with glyoxal.
the conformational oscillation of delta-chymotrypsin involvement ofmethionine-192.
investigations on the kinetic mechanism of octopine dehydrogenase
1.Steady-state kinetics.
the catalytic mechanism of carbonic anhydrase
hydrogen-isotope effects on thekinetic parameters of the human C isoenzyme.
purification and properties of isoenzymes of cinnamyl-alcohol dehydrogenase from soybean-cell-suspension cultures.
the pyruvate-dehydrogenase complex from Azotobacter vinelandii
2
regulation of the activity.
arginine decarboxylase from Lathyrus sativus seedlings
purification andproperites.
yeast hexokinase A
succinylation and properties of the active subunit.
the renaturation of reduced polyalanyl-chymotrypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen.
further studies on lipid-peroxide formation in isolated hepatocytes.
on the mechanism of ketogenesis and its control
purification
kinetic mechanism and regulation of different forms of mitochondrial acetoacetyl-CoA thiolases fromox liver.
d-glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase  Entner-Doudoroff enzyme  from Pseudomonasfluorescens
purification
properties and regulation.
purification and properties of potato 1,4-alpha-D-glucan 1,4-alpha-D-glucan6-alpha- 1,4-alpha-glucano -transferase
evidence against a dual catalyticfunction in amylose-branching enzyme.
factors affecting the molecular structure and the agglutinating ability ofconcanavalin A and other lectins.
axoplasm chemical composition in Myxicola and solubility properties of itsstructural proteins.
the metabolism of cyclohexanol by Acinetobacter NCIB 9871.
multiple forms of human glutathione S-transferase and their affinity forbilirubin.
hydrophobic interaction determined by partition in aqueous two-phase systems.Partition of proteins in systems containing fatty-acid esters of poly ethyleneglycol .
spin-labelled phosphofructokinase
a simple and direct approach to the study ofallosteric equilibria under near-physiological conditions.
cytochrome c interaction with membranes
absorption and emission spectra andbinding characteristics of iron-free cytochrome c.
the trypsin and chymotrypsin inhibitors in chick peas  Cicer arietinum L. .Purification and properties of the inhibitors.
investigations of the structure of 3-methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase fromAchromobacter.
polyadenylated RNA from Vicia faba meristematic root cells
localization and sizeestimation of the poly  A  segment.
time-dependent inhibition of diamine oxidase by carbonyl-group reagents and urea.
acetylglucagon  preparation and characterization.
purification and properties of a periplasmic aminoendopeptidase from Escherichia coli.
the interaction of organic phosphates with human and chicken hemoglobin.
hepatic nucleases
extrahepatic origin and association of neutral liverribonuclease with lysosomes.
glutathione reductase from human erythrocytes
molecular weight
subunitcomposition and aggregation properties.
gAMMA-Glutamyl transpeptidase of sheep-kidney cortex
isolation
catalyticproperties and dissociation into two polypeptide chains.
pyrophosphatase and glucuronosyltransferase in microsomal UDPglucuronic-acidmetabolism in the rat liver.
coupling of enzymes to polyacrylonitrile.
incorporation of  1-14C palmitoyl-CoA into phosphatidylcholine by plasmamembranes of rat submaxillary glands in vitro.
hydrogen-isotope exchange of oxidized and reduced cytochrome c
a comparison ofmass spectrometry and infrared methods.
bacterial metabolism of resorcinylic compounds  purification and properties oforcinol hydroxylase and resorcinol hydroxylase from Pseudomonas putida ORC.
studies on biosynthesis of soluble lens crystallin antigens in the chick byisoelectric focusing in thin-layer polyacrylamide gel.
effect of oral administration of various beta-blocking agents on the intraocular pressure in healthy volunteers.
biochemical aspects of the visual process
xXXI
chemical modification studies onrod outer segment retinol dehydrogenase.
hemodynamics and its regulation in old age.
altered responsiveness of adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate-generating systems in ratcortical slices after lesions of the medial forebran bundle.
differences between the heavy chains of fast and slow muscle myosin.
bufuralol
a new beta-adrenoceptor blocking agent.
Determination of some beta adrenergic blockaders by means of thin-layerchromatography and gas chromatography .
the pKa value of the active site histidine in photo-oxidised papain.
crystalline aspartate aminotransferase from Pseudomonas striata.
Possible structural-functional organization of the system of local cerebralblood flow regulation .
Regulation of local tissue PO2 in the cerebral cortex of the cat .
Differences in the responses of taste receptors to organic and inorganic acidswith changes in the concentration of bicarbonate in the solution .
Indices of intraduodenal pH-ography in dogs .
analysis of skin grafts across the MSA-barrier in mice pretreated with sera from specifically or syngeeically grafted donors.
impaired Sertoli cell function in experimental cryptorchidism in the rat.
aminoacyl-tRNA binding activity in regenerating kidney following contralateralnephrectomy or administration of folic acid.
effect of normal and ulcer-type diet on the acidity of gastric contents inpatients with duodenal ulcer.
dr
gordon Bates  a personal war against VD.
protection from carriers of hepatitis B.
crisis in the lab.
the accreditation approach to infection control.
epidemiology and infection control.
the medical microbiologist and infection control.
infection control demand administrative support.
disposal of infectious wastes.
editorials  More health care with less.
order and disorder at hospital meetings.
government freezes administrators' salaries.
patient classification does work.
pharmaceutical services in special care homes.
statistical insight through H.I.S.
has H.I.S
attained cruising speed?
the soybean answer to food costs.
job satisfaction in a chronic care facility.
psychiatric myths and their victims.
restraint may force quicker cost-sharing.
collection of out-of-province accounts.
the oxygen transport system of red blood cells during diabetic ketoacidosis andrecovery.
fluorescence of oxidized flavoproteins from perifused isolated pancreatic islets.
letter  Panarteritis and regional enteritis.
comparison of amino acids bathing the oxyntic gland area in the stimulation ofgastric secretion.
evidence of tandem duplication of genes in a merodiploid region of Pneumococcalmutants resistant to sulfonamide.
a study of Pneumococcal merodiploids at the molecular level.
genetic hybridization at the unlinked thy and str loci of Streptococcus.
symposium  the city  a viable environment for the elderly
phase III  planningand delivery of health services
background.
symposium - the city  a viable environment for the elderly
phase III  Planningand delivery of health services
on Lok Day Health Center; a case study.
Correlation between the status of the newborn infant and maternal dissociativeanesthesia .
proceedings  The 24-hour control of intragastric pH by cimetidine
a newH2-receptor antagonist
in normal subjects and in patients with duodenal ulcer.
proceedings  Bacterial breakdown of sulphasalazine  salazopyrin .
further investigations with pH microelectrodes into the jejunal microclimate inrat and man.
fibrin plate method with reagents purified by affinity chromatography and its usefor determination of fibrinolytic and other proteolytic activity in saliva
bile and plasma.
Thefts without motive of gain as a psychopathologic syndrome  author's transl  .
the structures of the phytochrome chromophore in both photoreversible forms.
a micro-method for quantitative determination of acylneuraminic acids fromerythrocyte membranes.
human liver acid phosphatases.
isolation and characterization of pepsin-treated type III collagen from calfskin.
high-dosage and versatile drug therapy with treatment-resistant psychoticpatients.
a new variant of glucosephosphate isomerase deficiency.
optimal conditions for isolating human placental alkaline phosphatase byimmunosorption.
subunit composition of human blood group MN antigens.
the effect of acid treatment upon the susceptibility of rabbit IgG to proteolyticcleavage with various enzymes.
beta-adrenergic receptors in vas deferens of guineapigs.
Infusion treatment in shock .
suppressor T cells and host resistance to tye 111 pneumococcus after treatmentwith antilymphocyte serum.
Past and present aspects of diarrheal disease in childhood
clinical study andtreatment  author's transl  .
the role of biotransformation in the action of drugs affecting the sympatheticnervous system.
plasma binding and disposition of local anesthetics.
population growth-a menace to what?
training of the barefoot doctor in the People's Republic of China  fromprevention to curative service.
effect of the beta-receptor blocking agent Visken on the action of coumarin.
contact dermatitis from proprietary preparations in Malaysia.
aggression and central neurotransmitters.
neurochemical and neuropharmacological aspects of depression.
investigations of the excretion of gamma-glutamyl-transpeptidase into the urine.
interaction of adrenergic antagonists with prostaglandin E2 andtetrahydrocannabinol in the eye.
induction of corneal graft rejection by passive cell transfer.
acute tubular necrosis
an experimental model detailing the biochemical eventsaccompanying renal injury and recovery.
proceedings  Proton magnetic relaxation of some high spin hemoproteins in aqueoussolutions.
radiocesium in native residents of Anaktuvuk Pass
alaska
1970-1974.
the study of physician extenders in primary care.
use of cardioactive drugs in acute myocardial infarction.
10th session of the Oesterreichische Gesellschaft für Unfallchirurgie
oct.11-12
1974 Salzburg
opening address .
purification and properties of pepstatin hydrolase from Bacillus sphaericus.
nucleosides and nucleotides of the cold acid-soluble portion of the blood ofsteers.
microbial spoilage of fresh refrigerated beef liver.
letter  Sensitivity testing of anaerobes on solid media.
properties of the 3-o-methyl-D-glucose transport system in Acholeplasmalaidlawii.
starvation survival of Salmonella enteritidis.
mismatch correction in pneumococcal transformation  donor length andhex-dependent marker efficiency.
microcalorimetric study of the anaerobic growth of Escherichia coli  growththermograms in a synthetic medium.
physiological study of ergot  induction of alkaloid synthesis by tryptophan atthe enzymatic level.
microcalorimetric study of the anaerobic growth of Escherichia coli  measurementsof the affinity of whole cells for various energy substrates.
purification and properties of polyol dehydrogenase from Cephalosporiumchrysogenus.
effect of alkali on the structure of cell envelopes of Chlamydia psittacielementary bodies.
protein-carbohydrate-lipid complex isolated from the cell envelopes of Chlamydia psittaci in alkaline buffer and ethylenediaminetetraacetate.
purification and properties of beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase from Escherichiacoli.
acid protease activity during germination of microcysts of the cellular slimemold Polysphondylium pallidum.
altered nutritional requirements associated with mutations affecting thestructures of ribonucleic acid polymerase in Lactobacillus casei.
preparations and properties of ribonucleic acid polymerase from Acinetobactercalcoaceticus.
urea-hydrolyzing activity of a T-strain mycoplasma  Ureaplasma urealyticum.
arginine decarboxylase from a Pseudomonas species.
derepression of certain aromatic amino acid biosynthetic enzymes of Escherichiacoli K-12 by growth in Fe3+-deficient medium.
control of differentiation in streptomycetes  involvement of extrachromosomaldeoxyribonucleic acid and glucose repression in aerial mycelia development.
studies on cytochrome oxidase
partial resolution of enzymes containing seven or six subunits
from yeast and beef heart
respectively.
isolation and characterization of crystalline methylglyoxal synthetase fromProteus vulgaris.
beef kidney 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid oxygenase
purification
characterization
and analysis of the assay.
effects of colipase and taurodeoxycholate on the catalytic and physicalproperties of pancreatic lipase B at an oil water interface.
rickettsial permeability
an ADP-ATP transport system.
monomeric purine nucleoside phosphorylase from rabbit liver
purification andcharacterization.
purification to homogeneity and properties of two D-alanine carboxypeptidases IFrom Escherichia coli.
effects of p-hydroxymercuribenzoate binding on the visible absorption spectrum ofmethemoglobin.
binding of inositol hexaphosphate to human methemoglobin.
molecular size of nerve growth factor in dilute solution.
carbon 13 resonances of 13CO2 carbamino adducts of alpha and beta chains in humanadult hemoglobin.
purine nucleotide cycle
evidence for the occurrence of the cycle in brain.
kinetics of alpha-chymotrypsin dimerization.
effect of lumbar sympathetic blockade and chlorpromazine-induced adrenergicalpha-receptor blockade on skin temperature in peripheral arterial diseases.
serum stimulation of phosphate uptake into 3T3 cells.
dinoflagellate bioluminescence  a comparative study of invitro components.
control of phenylalanine hydroxylase synthesis in tissue culture by serum andinsulin.
reaction of acidified nitrite solutions with peptide derivatives  evidence fornitrosamine and thionitrite formation from 15N N.m.r
studies.
backbone rearrangements of steroidal 5-enes.
reactions of cytosine and cytidine with O-substituted hydroxylamines.
high-speed ion-pair partition chromatography in pharmaceutical analysis.
analytical separation of amino acids on a cation-exchange resin cross-linked withm-divinylbenzene.
Template chromatography on immobilized oligonucleotides
synthesis andapplication of oligodeoxyadenosine-5'-phosphate--DEAE-cellulose  author'stransl  .
a rapid and comprehensive system for the routine identification of drugs inbiological material based on microphase extraction and drug colour profiles.
ion-exchange chromatography of the more basic amino acids of protein hydrolysatesusing stepwise changes of buffers containing borate ions.
chromatographic behaviour of alkaloids on thin layers of anion and cationexhangers
i
aG 1-X4 and cellex D.
determination of trimethylsilyl methylated nucleic acid bases in urine bygas-liquid chromatography.
high-resolution liquid chromatographic analysis of methylated purine andpyrimidine bases in transfer RNA.
gas chromatographic separation of allylbarbital and butabarbital.
a new gas chromatographic method for the estimation of reserpine andrescinnamine.
specific ion-exchange chromatography and fluorimetric assay for urinary3-O-methyldopamine.
analysis of the radioimmunoassay for gonadotropin-releasing hormone  GnRH  studies on the effect of radioiodinated GnRH.
counterimmunoelectrophoresis of pneumococcal antigens improved sensitivity forthe detection of types VII and XIV.
isolation of streptococcal nuclease B by batch adsorption.
rapid screening of Veillonella by ultraviolet fluorescence.
retention of mercurial preservatives in desiccated biological products.
distribution and removal of added mercury in milk.
identification of cariogenic bacteria by fluorescent antibody and othertechniques  an international symposium
new York City
april 3-4
1975
a summaryand view of the future.
identification of cariogenic bacteria by fluorescent antibody and othertechniques  an international symposium
new York City
april 3-4
1975.Concluding remarks  the current status of the National Caries Program.
identification of cariogenic bacteria by fluorescent antibody and othertechniques  an international symposium
new York City
april 3-4
1975
preface.
identification of cariogenic bacteria by fluorescent antibody and othertechniques  an international symposium
new York City
april 3-4
1975
welcomeand introduction.
glucan inhibition of diffusion in plaque.
schizophrenic inability to disattend from strong aspects of meaning.
electron paramagnetic resonance studies of actin-lipid interaction in aqueousmedia.
hydrolyzable and nonhydrolyzable 3,4-dichloroaniline-humus complexes and theirrespective rates of biodegradation.
hydrolysis of a chloro-s-triazine herbicide.
attractants for synanthropic flies
identification of attractants andcoattractants for Hippelates eye gnats  Diptera  Chloropidae .
pyrolysis of chitin
a potential tobacco extender.
chemistry of tobacco constituents
oxidation of alpha-ionone and theacid-catalyzed rearrangement of 5-keto-alpha-ionone.
metabolism of limonoids
limonin D-ring lactone hydrolase activity inPseudomonas.
a new hydrolysis procedure for preparation of orange juice for trace elementanalysis by atomic absorption spectrometry.
the college health-practice preceptorship in the training of physician'sassistants.
demonstration of a nonadrenergic inhibitory nervous system in the trachea of the guinea pig.
magnetic circular dichroism studies of low-spin cytochromes
temperaturedependence and effects of axial coordination on the spectra of cytochrome c andcytochrome b5.
letter  The formation of a semiquinone form of deazaFAD bound to D-amino acidoxidase.
letter  Protostreptovaricins I-V.
letter  General base catalysis in nucleophilic attack at sp3 carbon of methylase model compounds.
non-specific alkaline phosphomonoesterases of eight species of digenetictrematodes.
fractionation of mycobacterial antigens by vertical electrophoresis in thepolyacrylamide gel.
the effect of neonatal rat graft-vs-host disease  GVHD  on Fc receptorlymphocytes.
kinetics of the antibody response to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide SSS-III
i
use of 125I-labeled SSS-III to study serum antibody levels
as wellas the distribution and excretion of antigen after immunization.
kinetics of the antibody response to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide
iI.Factors influencing the serum antibody levels after immunization with anoptimally immunogenic dose of antigen.
mouse epidermal aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase.
defects in the biochemistry of collagen in diseases of connective tissue.
some properties of proteolysis by polymorphonuclear leukocyte-granule extracts.
inhibition of the antibacterial activity of gentamicin by urine.
the polysaccharide capsule of Bacteroides fragilis subspecies fragilis immunochemical and morphologic definition.
radioassay for serum and red cell folate.
the effect of environmental pH on glycosaminoglycan metabolism by normal humanchondrocytes.
effect of PGA1
pGE2
diazoxide on myocardial contractile force.
peptide-binding macromolecules in the blood of seriously ill or mentally retardedpatients.
testicular tumor.
the transmission of impulses in the ectodermal slow conduction system of the sea anemone Calliactis parasitica  Couch .
colonial conduction systems in the Anthozoa  Octocorallia.
water regulation by a presumptive hormone contained in identified neurosecretory cell R15 of Aplysia.
intracellular pH transients in squid giant axons caused by CO2
nH3
andmetabolic inhibitors.
analysis of an L-histidinol-utilizing mutant of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
studies on the rumen flagellate Neocallimastix frontalis.
properties of some bacteriocins produced by Rhizobium trifolii.
hyphal tip bursting in Mucor rouxii  antagonistic effects of calcium ions andacid.
production and purification of the gamma haemolysin of Staphylococcus aureus'Smith 5R'.
basic and neutral amino acid transport in Aspergillus nidulans.
polyamino acid induced aphid transmission of plant viruses.
disruption of Vi bacteriophage III and localization of its deacetylase activity.
a model to replace psychiatric hospitals.
biochemical changes in rat brain associated with the development of theblood-brain barrier.
the reaction of choline and 3,3-dimethyl-1-butanol with the acetylenzyme fromacetylcholinesterase.
the formation of CDP-diglyceride by isolated neuronal nuclei.
dynamic changes in regional CBF
intraventricular pressure
cSF pH and lactatelevels during the acute phase of head injury.
teaching research by the 'Tell'
'Show' and 'Do' process.
the Honors Program approach to undergraduate research in nursing.
item analysis.
criteria for selection of nursing textbooks.
nursing deans as leaders in collegiate health professions.
changing nursing students' attitudes toward the aged  an experimental study.
studies of the effect of dietary cholesterol on hepatic protein synthesis,reduced glutathione levels and serine dehydratase activity in the rat.
thiamine triphosphatase activity of myosin and accelerating effect of thiaminedi- and tri-phosphates on superprecipitation of actomyosin.
countercurrent immunoelectrophoresis for the diagnosis of pneumococcal pneumonia in children.
the meaning of the Leydig cell in relation to the etiology of cryptorchidism  An experimental electron-microscopic study.
Improvement in performances of an apparatus testing membrane resorption invitro
by automatic adjustment and regulation of pH .
Pharmacokinetics parameters of the gastrointestinal absorption of drugs author's transl  .
the in vitro adsorption of drugs from horse serum onto carbon coated with anacrylic hydrogel.
the interaction of antihistamines with lecithin monolayers.
effect of surfactant monomers on chloramphenicol association to analbumin-lecithin complex  a model for modified drug absorption.
the effect of blending on the rheological properties of gelatin solutions andgels.
amphetamine tachyphylaxis in the pithed guinea-pig.
phenylbutazone-warfarin interaction in the dog.
the effect of pancuronium on myocardial contraction and catecholamine metabolism.
metabolism of delta1-tetrahydrocannabinol by the isolated perfused dog lung.Comparison with in vitro liver metabolism.
determination of low cencentrations of the quaternary ammonium compoundthiazinamium methylsulphate in plasma and urine.
a modified structure for the acetylcholinesterase receptor.
pharmacological implications of the x-ray structure of a rigid analogue of thetricyclic antidepressants.
the use of kanamycin in equilibrium dialysis at 37 degrees.
the temperature dependence of  8-3H adenosine labelling of the perfused bovineand canine adrenal gland.
a complementary method for the quantitative evaluation of rat stomach withShay-ulcer.
an investigation of the mechanisms responsible for a reduction in capillaryfiltration coefficient in the innervated cat jejunum on intravenous infusion ofhistamine.
comparative study on the effect of neostigmine
trimetaphan an oxyphenonium onsome aspects of 5-hydroxytryptamine metabolism in rats.
caesium ion  antagonism to chlorpromazine- and L-dopa- produced behaviouraldepression in mice.
dissociation by the aporphine derivatives of the stereotypic and hyperactivityresponses resulting from injections into the nucleus accumbens septi.
neuronally-induced vasodilator response in the splanchnic region of thechloralosed cat.
effects of psychotropic drugs on prostaglandin biosynthesis in vitro.
3,4-Dihydroxy-phenylamino -2-imidazoline  DPI
a new potent agonist at dopaminereceptors mediating neuronal inhibition.
failure of pyruvate to counteract isoniazid toxicity in rabbits.
further studies on brain concentrations of amphetamine and its metabolites instrains of mice showing different sensitivity to pharmacological effects ofamphetamine.
kinetics and mechanisms of drug action on microorganisms XXII  Effects ofaminosidine with and without organism pretreatment with bacteriostatic agents.
elementary osmotic pump.
new and expedient determination of atenolol in biological samples.
time course and dose dependence of antacid effect on urine pH.
quantitative analysis of tribromsalan in blood and urine.
pH-dependent secretion of procainamide into saliva.
vehicle for stabilizing aluminum hydroxide gel.
sympathetic cardiovascular effects of experimental strychnine poisoning in dogs.
evaluation of the permanent sympathectomy produced by the administration ofguanethidine to adult rats.
mechanism of action of quinidine on squid axon membranes.
barbiturates block calcium uptake by stimulated and potassium-depolarized ratsympathetic ganglia.
mechanism of action of pentagastrin and acetylcholine on the longitudinal muscle of the canine antrum.
an alkyl etherase in rat liver.
proceedings  The actions of 4-aminopyridine on the delayed potassium current inskeletal muscle fibres.
micro-electrode measurement of the internal pH of crab muscle fibres.
Adrenergic and cholinergic control of oxytocin release evoked by vaginal
vagal and mammary stimulation in lactating rats  author's transl  .
proteins in the luminal fluid from the bovine oviduct.
boar seminal zinc-precipitable protein and the haemagglutinin.
effect of season on some characteristics of stallion semen.
influence of ejaculation frequency of stallions on characteristics of semen andoutput of spermatozoa.
transfer of gases and metabolites in the equine placenta  a comparison with otherspecies.
androgens and oestrogens in normal and cryptorchid stallions.
some aspects of the reproductive endocrinology of the stallion and cryptorchid.
hypertension in pregnancy  an invitational symposium.
prognostic factors in polyarteritis.
importance of the aromatic ring in adrenergic amines
2
synthesis and adrenergicactivity of some nonaromatic six- and eight-membered ring analogs ofbeta-phenylethanolamine.
conformationally restricted analogs of histamine H1 receptor antagonists  transand cis-1-benzyl-3-dimethylamino-6-phenylpiperidine.
synthesis and adrenoreceptor blocking action of aziridinium ions derived fromphenoxybenzamine and dibenamine.
the ATPase activity of cardiac myosin from failing and hypertropied hearts.
prebiotic peptide-formation in the solid state
iI
reaction of glycine withadenosine 5'-triphosphate and P1,P2-diadenosine-pyrophosphate.
prebiotic peptide-formation in the solid state
iII
condensation reactions ofglycine in solid state mixtures containing inorganic polyphosphates.
the prebiotic synthesis of deoxthymidine oligonucleotides
iI
comparison ofcondensing agents.
formation of nucleoside 5'-polyphosphates from nucleotides and trimetaphosphate.
on the possible role of organic melanoidin polymers as matrices for prebioticactivity.
hemoglobin function in the vertebrates  an evolutionary model.
aminoacyl transfer from an adenylate anhydride to polyribonucleotides.
hybrid-versus-parental strain reaction
i
comparative mortality in allogeneticand parental strain male and female mice.
graft versus leukemia
vI
adoptive immunotherapy in combination withchemoradiotherapy for spontaneous leukemia-lymphoma in AKR mice.
a study of tobacco carcinogenesis
xIII
tumor-promoting subfractions of theweakly acidic fraction.
metabolic characteristics of cells infected with a herpesvirus of turkeys.
control of mercury pollution.
enzymic deacetylation of carcinogenic arylacetamides by tissue microsomes of the dog and other species.
renal chromium accumulation and its relationship to chromium-inducednephrotoxicity.
2 cases of perineal ectopic testis .
bacterial shock.
sodium bicarbonate administration during cardiac arrest
effect on arterial pHPCO2
and osmolality.
Physiology and pharmacology of neuromuscular junctions .
Pharmacology and clinical application of muscle relaxants .
The hormone producing tumors  author's transl  .
sarcotubular anomalous rectification of frog sartorius muscle.
properties of sarcolemmal delayed rectification in glycerol-treated fibers offrog sartorius muscle.
sarcolemmal slow conductance increase of frog sartorius fibers duringhyperpolarization.
effects of antidepressant drugs on amygdaloid after-discharge in rats.
effects of several beta-blockers on blood pressure in the rat.
the clinical use of dopamine in the treatment of shock.
Adverse effects of drugs
18
antihistaminic agents .
Report of the ICN Council of National Representatives' meeting .
Certain indicators of histamine and histidine metabolism in chronic coronaryinsufficiency .
Certain problems of treatment of ischemic heart disease .
Stimulators of beta-adrenergic structures in treatment of ischemic heartdisease .
Nonachlasine--a new drug for treatment of ischemic heart disease .
Cordaron and nonachlasine in treatment of chronic coronary insufficiency .
Effect of certain drugs
used in treatment of chronic coronary insufficiency
onadenosine metabolism .
renal response to short-term hypocapnia in man.
The influence of isoglaucon on the hydrodynamics and haemodynamics of the eye author's transl  .
The immediate effect of beta-isoket on the internal ocular pressure in patients with chronic simple glaucoma  author's transl  .
Determination of IgM in serum after corneatransplantation  author's transl  .
Model of an ecological system closed as regards gas metabolism and with aperiodically working autotrophic component
i
conditions for stability of theatmospheric system .
Microbiological aspects of the performance of life support systems duringprolonged operation .
Toxic properties of regenerated water containing methyl alcohol .
Development of measures for preventing contamination of the atmosphere inhermetically sealed enclosures .
Mathematical model of an experimental ecological system with spatially separatedcomponents .
Preliminary evaluation of the possibility of using terrestrial mollusca as acomponent of closed ecological systems .
Control of mineral nutrition of higher plants in biological life supportsystems .
Model of an ecosystem closed as regards gas metabolism and with a periodicallyworking autotrophic component
iI
stability of the periodic cycles .
Composition of the volatile compounds in human sweat and urine .
mechanism of action of hypolipidemic and herbicidal aryloxy acids.
the effect of discrete charges on the electrical properties of a membrane
i.
Comparative evaluation of results of intertrochanteric femur osteotomy andconservative hip joint releaving treatment in Perthes-Legg-Calvé disease .
Respiratory insufficiency in severely burned patients .
Past and present management burns .
Skin substitution in neck and facial burns .
Experience with the treatment of open fractures .
Presence of foreign body in hand and foot
diagnosed too late .
Therapeutic principles and results in the management of open fractures of thetibial .
Infectious complications of primary osteosynthesis in aged patients .
Soft tissue complications and their reconstruction following osteosynthesis ofopen tibial fractures .
Experience with the treatment of open leg fractures .
A rare form of the trigger finger .
Closed isolated rupture of the patellar ligament .
Primary humero-radial arthrodesis .
Xenograft in the treatment of burns .
Erraneously diagnosed and incorrectly treated foot deformity .
mosquito-borne arboviruses in arctic america.
overwintering of mosquito-borne viruses.
the significance of mosquito longevity and blood-feeding behaviour in thedynamics of arbovirus infections.
properties of Semliki Forest virus nucleocapsid.
Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity in pancreatic and hepato-biliarypathology
comparison with alkaline phosphatases and 5-nucleotidase .
Therapeutic trial of a new antispasmodic drug in 50 cases of gastroduodenalulcer and chronic pancreatitis .
Demonstration of T-cell activation using synthetic polynucleotides .
Stress incontinence in the woman  author's transl  .
Periarteritis nodosa of the hepatic type with Australia antigen andretroperitoneal fibrosis .
relationships between molecular structure and excretion of drugs.
the effect of hormones on glucocorticoid binding capacity of rat liver cytosol.
brain biogenic amines and altered thyroid function.
topography of synaptosomal high affinity uptake systems.
comparison of the characteristics of the immobilized and solubilizedglyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase of human erythrocyte membranes.
stereochemistry of the hydrogen transfer to NADP catalyzed by D-galactosedehydrogenase from Pseudomonas fluorescens.
glutathione and gamma glutamyl transferase in secretory processes.
influence of ionophores which bind calcium on the release of norepinephrine from synaptosomes.
diurnal variations in activity of four pyridoxal enzymes in rat liver duringmetabolic transition from high carbohydrate to high protein diet.
regulatory function of pyruvate dehydrogenase and the mitochondrion inlipogenesis.
studies in vitro of lipogenesis in rat testicular tissue.
fatty acid synthesis from 2-14C-acetate in rat testis mitochondrial and cytosolfractions in vitro.
fat metabolism in higher plants  metabolism of medium chain fatty acids.
stearoyl-CoA desaturase activity in mammary adenocarcinomas carried by C3H mice.
iowa wrestling study  changes in the urinary profiles of wrestlers prior to andafter competition.
The effect of pentoxifyllin on the cyclic AMP-system in thrombocytes .
The sleep and narcotics
physiology
pharmacology and clinical picture ofsleep .
vasculitis with hepatitis B antigenemia  long-term observation in nine patients.
polyarthritis
polyarteritis and hepatitis B.
some evidence for aldosterone action on 2,3-diphosphoglycerate level in human redcells.
Alcohol dehydrogenase activity of nonsulfur purple bacteria .
Development of Mycobacterium lacticolum and its synthesis of exopolysaccharideunder conditions of varying acidity of the medium .
Effect of H+ and OH- ions on the physiological and biochemical properties of aPseudomonas methanolica culture .
Factors causing lysis of an Actinomyces rimosus culture
the producer of theantibiotic
oxytetracycline .
the recognition and management of anxiety states.
Proceedings  Disorders in the cellular immunity .
Proceedings  Disorders of the myocardial metabolism in coronary disease .
Pulmonary vascular pressures and blood gases in young patients with thoracicscoliosis  author's transl  .
Panarteritis nodosa-Special aspects of glucocorticoid and immune suppressivetherapy  author's transl  .
encroachment on the private practice of medicine.
shroud of silence is wearing thin.
group practice  profits and perils.
some good
some bad in 1976.
the unkindest cut  healthcare
medicare
medicaid and NHI will not be expanded inthe 1977 budget and might even be cut.
healthy prospects for building.
coping with cutbacks and inflation.
where does the money go?
persuasion through listening.
evaluating materials management.
finance from bottom to top.
negligence serves two masters.
drug therapy for Parkinsonism.
the perils of produce.
mBO without the headaches.
the goals are at the poles.
who will finance NHI?
hawaii's prepaid healthcare plan.
a scanner for every hospital?
an American travesty.
new rules for medical devices.
strike.
staffing by contract.
setting performance standards.
innovative purchasing.
managerial blind spots.
turnover rate of tyrosine hydroxylase during Trans-synaptic induction.
a re-evaluation of the optical titrations of the 430 and 455 nm chromophore ofethyl isocyanide complexes of mamalian hepatic cytochrome P-450.
hepatic microsomal alcohol-oxidizing system in normal and acatalasemic mice  its dissociation from the peroxidatic activity of catalase-H2O2.
An entrance or an exit gunshot wound
report of a case .
the role of psychological factors in reversible drug-related dystonic reactions.
enzyme induction  third of three parts .
case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital
weekly clinicopathologicalexercises
case 12-1976.
letter  Dosage of antipsychotic drugs.
role of hyperkalemia in the metabolic acidosis of isolated hypoaldosteronism.
letter  Lack of drug precipitation in serum and plasma  in vitro .
isolation of Penicillium corylophium Dierckx from acid mine water and its optimalgrowth on hydrocarbons at acid pH.
the effect of microbial mycolytic agents on Trichophyton rubrum.
metal chelate affinity chromatography
a new approach to protein fractionation.
marked prolongation of post-tetanic potentiation at a transition temperature inits adaption.
models for metal ion function in carbonic anhydrase.
further experimental evidence for the synapse hypothesis of Na+-currentactivation and inactivation at the Ranvier node.
Regulation of lipid synthesis in animal organs .
insensitivity of bacterial nucleic acid biosyntheses to a morphine-like narcotic.
comparison of properties between virulent and attenuated strains of transmissiblegastroenteritis virus.
growth of Ibaraki virus in suspension culture of HmLu-1 cells.
studies on the mechanism of the action of morphine on the peristalsis of guineapig ileum in situ.
effects of alpha-ketomonocarboxylic acids upon insulin secretion and metabolismof isolated pancreatic islets.
norepinephrine reward pathways  role of self-stimulation
memory consolidation,and schizophrenia.
the preparation and properties of nerve growth factor protein at alkaline pH.
concanavalin A-binding glycopeptides from rat brain glycoproteins.
the use of hybrid molecules in a study of the equilibrium between nerve growthfactor monomers and dimers.
changes in hypothalamic neurotransmitter uptake following pinealectomy
superior cervical ganglionectomy or melatonin administration to rats.
effects of pharmacological agents on  14C -nicotine distribution and movements inslices from different rat brain areas.
hypercapnia in metabolic alkalosis.
timolol maleate  Blocadren  in the treatment of essential hypertension.
effects of ritodrine hydrochloride on uterine activity and the cardiovascularsystem in toxemic patients.
treatment of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome by antihistamine.
high pH ammonia toxicity
and the search for life on the Jovian planets.
Some properties of electrolyte balance in premature infants .
Treatment of bronchial asthma .
Endocrinologic peculiarities of the course of pregnancy and labor in primaparouswomen of the older age groups .
Gas exchange and the acid-base equilibrium in pregnancy with rheumatic feverprior to labor .
gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase in the rat liver after portacaval shunt.
cardiovascular effects of electrical stimulation of the forebrain in the fetallamb.
elevated levels of immunoglobulin E in the acute febrile mucocutaneous lymph nodesyndrome.
diminished pulmonary lecithin synthesis in acidosis  experimental findings asrelated to the respiratory distress syndrome.
pH and bicarbonate excretion in the rat parotid gland as a function of salivaryrate.
h+ transport and membrane-bound HCO - 3 ATPase in salivary duct epithelium.
effects of cyanide and doxapram during hypothermia.
effects of cyanide and doxapram during panting.
reports of six individual workshops.
the influence of 5-hydroxytryptamine and some beta-adrenolytic compounds onadenylylcyclase in rabbit brain in vitro.
the effect of alpha-adrenolytics on the levels of 5-hydroxytryptamine and5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid in rat's brain.
the central action of drugs influencing beta-adrenergic receptor
part V
theinteraction of drugs affecting beta-adrenergic receptor in motility test.
the effect of alpha
alpha1-dipyridyl on noradrenaline
dopamine and5-hydroxytryptamine levels and on dopamine-beta-hydroxylase activity in brain.
colorimetric determination of bromisoval and carbromal.
combating diabetic ketoacidosis and other hyperglycemic-ketoacidotic syndromes.
Current conception of the Bohr effect .
Study of P50 in patients under continuous O2 inhalation and during chronicrespiratory acidosis .
Effect of cultivation conditions on the synthesis of citric and isocitric acids in Candida lipolytica on hexadecane medium .
Study of inosine transformation into 5'-inosinic acid by the culture ofPseudomonas trifoli .
Effect of pH on the enzymic activity of the fungi Trichothecium roseum andAspergillus niger hydrolyzing nonstarch polysaccharides .
Study of the yeast dissolving enzymic complex by isoelectric focusing .
Isolation and basic properties of thiamine pyrophosphokinase from brewingyeast .
Trypsin interaction with sodium alginate .
Study of properties of heat activated enzyme preparations .
Effect of pH on the properties of the chemostatic culture of Canida utilis .
Purification of glutamine synthetase from the yeast Candida tropicalis .
Activation of L-amino acids by aminoacyl-tRNA-synthetases from yeast Candidautilis IBPM-405 .
Lactose hydrolysis by yeast beta-galactosidase .
Some properties of proteases of the mould Mucor pusillus-917 .
Isolation and study of levansaccharase of Acetobacter subyoxydans L-1 .
Properties of immobilized trypsin and alpha-chymotrypsin and their use forpurification of proteinase inhibitors from potatoes .
Lipolytic enzymes of cotton seeds and their stability .
Regulation of glutamine synthetase of the fodder yeast Candida tropicalis byammonium ions .
Effect of the composition of the nutrient medium on the synthesis of acid-fastalpha-amylase by different strains of Aspergillus .
Effect of different pH values on the activity and quaternary structure ofasparaginase in Escherichia coli extracts .
Rhizopus microsporus strain UzLT-I--a thermotolerant producer of lipase .
Preparation of proteolytic enzymes from the thermophilous actinomyceteActinomyces thermovulgaris str
t-54 .
Analysis of acid proteinases from Aspergillus terricola .
Thermo- and pH-stability of soluble and silichrome-80 immobilized proteinasefrom Bacillus subtilis .
Preparation and properties of beta-galactosidase linked covalently withKM-cellulose .
Conditions for splitting protodioscine--the main glycoside from Tribulusterrestris L
by the enzymatic preparation from Aspergillus niger BKMt-33 .
regulation of synthesis of glutamine synthetase by adenylylated glutaminesynthetase.
neuronal properties of hybrid neuroblastoma X sympathetic ganglion cells.
regulation of ferredoxin-catalyzed photosynthetic phosphorylations.
high resolution 31P nuclear magnetic resonance studies of intact yeast cells.
reversal of UDP-galactose 4-epimerase deficiency of human leukocytes in culture.
beta-Bungarotoxin
a pre-synaptic toxin with enzymatic activity.
isolation and characterization of an unsaturated fatty acid-requiring mutant ofcultured mammalian cells.
dNA single-strand breaks during repair of UV damage in human fibroblasts andabnormalities of repair in xeroderma pigmentosum.
modifications of purified glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and other enzymes by a factor of low molecular weight abundant in some leukemic cells.
copper-induced activation of aortic lysyl oxidase in vivo.
evidence that acyl coenzyme A synthetase activity is required for repression ofyeast acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase by exogenous fatty acids.
glutathione and gamma-glutamyl cycle enzymes in crypt and villus tip cells of ratjejunal mucosa.
maturation of neuroblastoma cells in the presence of dimethylsulfoxide.
properties of a toxin from the sea anemone Stoichacis helianthus
includingspecific binding to sphingomyelin.
mechanistic studies of glutamine synthetase from Escherichia coli  kineticevidence for two reaction intermediates in biosynthetic reaction.
molecular mechanism of inhibition of firefly luminescence by local anesthetics.
cyclic nucleotide metabolism in compensatory renal hypertrophy and neonatalkidney growth.
binding of calcium by dietary fibre  its relationship to unsubstituted uronicacids.
inaugural Boyd Orr Memorial Lecture
the 30 years' war against world hunger.
an international programme for famine relief.
hormonal regulation of fatty acid synthesis in adipose tissue through changes in the activities of pyruvate dehydrogenase  EC 1.2.4.1  and acetyl-CoA carboxylase  EC 6.4.1.2 .
effects of diet on fatty acid metabolism.
freezing technology in the market place.
flavour--a problem for the consumer or for the food producer?
the aquacultural revolution.
storage and shelf life.
membrane separation processes and freeze concentration in the 1980s.
contributions of processing preservation towards the food technologies of the1980s.
processing
catering and cooking of foods by means of electromagnetic radiation.
food process engineering.
thermal processing.
freezing and freeze-drying.
food technology and the law.
binocular interaction and intertectal neuronal connexions  dependence upondevelopmental stage.
visual deprivation and intertectal neuronal connexions in Xenopus laevis.
otolith-controlled responses from the first-order neurons of the labyrinth of thebullfrog  Rana catesbeiana  to changes in linear acceleration.
Cytology and neuroendocrine relations of the pituitary of the dogfish,Scyliorhinus canicula .
spermiogenesis of Eusepia officinalis  L.
loligo forbesi  Steenstrup  andAlloteuthis subulata  L.   Cephalopoda
decapoda .
solute-solvent coupling in epithelia  contribution of the junctional pathway tofluid production.
biphasic membrane potential changes in pancreatic acinar cells following shortpulses of acetylcholine stimulation.
a pharmacologically active derivative of tetrodotoxin.
membrane potential fluctuations produced by glutamate in nerve cells of thesquid.
anatomy
physiology and behavioural rôle of sensory nerve endings in the cementgland of embryonic xenopus.
the nature of the prolonged endplate depolarization in anti-esterase treatedmuscle.
direct measurement by pH-microelectrode of the pH microclimate in rat proximaljejunum.
the composition of tracheal mucus and the nervous control of its secretion in thecat.
effects of denaturants on the sweet-tasting protein monellin.
thyroxine deiodination associated with NADPH-dependent lipid peroxidation in asubmicrosomal system.
effect of environmental pH on adenovirus-associated virus.
the effect of dexamethasone on urinary acidification.
modification of graft-versus-host disease with con A and preimmunization.
a rapid method for measuring guanylate cyclase activity in mammary tissue.
guanylate cyclase and cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase activities in mammary glandsof mice during pregnancy and lactation.
cyclic-AMP and pancreatic bicarbonate secretion in response to secretin in dogs.
effects in the rat of intradermal injection of purified proteinases fromstreptococcus and Serratia marcescens.
effect of recurrent stress on postnatal increase of tyrosine hydroxylase.
effect of propranolol on antinociceptive and withdrawal characteristics ofmorphine.
increased acquisition of a complex appetitive task after MSH and MIF.
comparison of beta-adrenoceptor blocking properties of sotalol
oxprenolol,propranolol and pindolol on rabbit intestinal smooth muscle.
the antinicotinic effects of drugs with clinically useful sedative-antianxietyproperties.
the jumping mechanism of Xenopsylla cheopis
i
exoskeletal structures andmusculature.
the jumping mechanism of Xenopsylla cheopis
iI
the fine structure of thejumping muscle.
the jumping mechanism of Xenopsylla cheopis
iII
execution of the jump andactivity.
dynamic aspects of enzyme specificity.
self-assembly of biological macromolecules.
water structure and hydration.
drug-nucleic acid interaction  X-ray crystallographic determination of anethidium-dinucleoside monophosphate crystalline complex
ethidium 5-iodouridylyl 3'-5' adenosine.
dNA-RNA hybridization.
the dynamic properties of biological membranes.
recognition at cell surfaces  phytohaemagglutinin-lymphocyte interaction.
cell communication by periodic cyclic-AMP pulses.
recognition of metal cations by biological systems.
structure and specificity of antibody molecules.
intermolecular forces.
antibody--hapten interactions in solution.
molecule--receptor specificity.
enzyme substrate and inhibitor interactions.
light-induced effects on a flavoprotein
d-amino-acid oxidase.
the thermal transition of brain soluble proteins.
conceptualizing depression and its treatment  comparison of psychoanalytic andbehavioral approaches.
attenuation of the euphoriant and activating effects of d- and l-amphetamine bylithium carbonate treatment.
proceedings  Lorazepam in the treatment of neurosis--an uncontrolled clinicalstudy.
proceedings  Butaclamol in the treatment of schizophrenia--a comparison of twotreatment methods.
Possibilities of decreasing skin lesions in stationary field x-irradiation bymodification of the actual pH of the skin .
Adrenergic beta receptor blockaders in arterial hypertension .
Septic shock
iI
therapy .
some metabolic approaches to improving myocardial performance during cardiachypoxia.
factors influencing tolerance of cardiac muscle to hypoxia.
effects of pH and pCO2 on performance of ischemic myocardium.
effects of inhalation anesthetics on cardiac function and metabolism in theintact dog.
tissue water and pH in experimental primary cardiomyopathy induced byisoproterenol in frog.
Internal chemoreceptors
chemical regulation of respiration .
A case report of aorto-carotid bypass with use of saphenous vein in advancedstage of aortitis syndrome  author's transl  .
Chemoreceptor  CO2 and H+ as respiratory stimuli
and central chemoreceptor author's transl  .
The history of occlusive thromboaortopathy  Takaysu's and allied diseases  author's transl  .
Treatment of acute schizophrenia with sulforidazine .
Ophthalmologic effects of treatment with phenothiazines .
the role of cyclic nucleotides in central synaptic function.
Adrenergic stimulants  or sympathomimetic medicines  .
Therapeutic indications and side effects of beta-blocking agents and verapamil .
normal arterial blood gases during experimental hypertriglyceridemia in the rat.
diagnosis of liver diseases by laboratory results and discriminant analysis.Identification of best combinations of laboratory tests.
survival of rats subjected to acute anemia at different levels of erythrocyte2,3-diphosphoglycerate.
the influence of bacterial superinfection on the clinical course of influenza.Studies from the influenza epidemics in Stockholm during the winters 1969-70 and 1971-72.
evaluation of the antibiotic effect of treatment of maxillary sinusitis.
roentgenological findings in cryptorchidism.
semen cahracteristics before and after ligation of the left internal spermaticveins in men with varicocele.
psychopharmacological treatment of schizophrenia.
behavioral therapies and the treatment of schizophrenics.
plasma potassium and insulin during extracorporeal circulation using aglucose-containing pump prime.
construction and evaluation of a simple membrane oxygenator for small organperfusion.
the influence of arm ischaemia and arm hyperaemia on subclavian and vertebralartery blood flow in patients with occlusive disease of the subclavian artery andthe brachiocephalic trunk
a peroperative study.
spectroscopic observation of acid sulfate in atmospheric particulate samples.
specific effects of neurotransmitter antagonists on ganglion cells in rabbitretina.
vascular and brain dopamine beta-hydroxylase activity in young spontaneouslyhypertensive rats.
protein purification  adsorption chromatography on controlled pore glass with theuse of chaotropic buffers.
Determination of barbiturates from biological material .
Clinical studies of cutaneous vasculitis
with special reference to theexamination of various phases of polyartheritis nodosa .
the mechanism of the inhibition of iron absorption by tea.
an investigation into the hepatic cytochrome P-450 catalysed metabolism of theanaesthetic fluroxene  2,2,2-trifluoroethyl vinyl ether .
sex education for spinal cord injury patients and their nurses.
direct revascularization of acute myocardial infarction by implantation of leftinternal mammary artery into infarcted left ventricular myocardium.
chronic anemia
wound healing
and red cell 2,3-diphosphoglycerate.
Effect of blood pH variations on the bronchodilator effects of salbutamol incats .
effects of beta-adrenergic stimulating and blocking agents on the adrenalineresponse and adenyl cyclase activity of leukocyte in monkey and human being.
human erythrocyte carbonic anhydrase B and C in chronic obstructive lung disease.
fluorocarbons and general metabolism in the rat
rabbit
and dog.
the mechanism of action and treatment of palytoxin poisoning.
effect of delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol on rat liver microsomal lipid peroxidation.
hemodynamic effects of aerosol propellants
iI
pulmonary circulation in the dog.
spectral properties of Bitis gabonica venom phospholipase A2 in the presence ofdivalent metal ion
substrate and hydrolysis products.
isolation and characterization of four toxic protein fractions from the seaanemone Anemonia sulcata.
purification of three polypeptides with neuro- and cardiotoxic activity from the sea anemone Anemonia sulcata.
isolation of different types of nematocyst from the cubomedusan Chironexfleckeri.
Steel dental prostheses made with microplasma soldering .
human placental delta5-3beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase activity  delta5-3beta HSDH   intracellular distribution
kinetic properties
retroinhibition andinfluence of membrane delipidation.
observations on the mechanism of antitumour resistance induced by thegraft-versus-host reaction.
failure of carrageenan to affect graft-versus-host reactivity in the rat.
a method for the quantitation of the localized graft-versus-host response in the mouse by uptake of 125IUdR.
the effect of tilorone on the local graft-versus-host reaction in rats.
Hydrolysis of insoluble collagen of bull bones by Streptomyces griseuscrystalline protease .
Specific p-nitrophenyl phosphatase of yeast Pichia guilliermondii .
Treatment of sleep disorders with flurazepam  Dalmadorm
nitrazepam  Mogadon
and allypropymal
a controlled clinical investigation .
Abuse of lorazepam  Temesta  .
effect of heparin or saline dilution of blood on PCO2 and pH.
report on seminars on prostatic cancer in Rome
may 23-25
and in Helsingborg,June 2-4
1975.
diagnosis of renal tumor by gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase  EC 2.3.2.2 .
bilateral testicular seminoma in intra-abdominal testes.
Increasing the quality and effectiveness of veterinary measures .
Prevention of sterility in cows .
Study of the amniotic fluid of sheep in the normal course of pregnancy and inabortion .
Adrenal-like Leydig cells  author's transl  .
studies on lumbo virus replication
i
rNA-dependent RNA polymerase associatedwith virions.
self-assembly of protein from a flexuous virus.
the decay of long-lived photoproducts in the isolated bullfrog rod outer segment relationship to other dark reactions.
Properties of partially purified ATP desaminase from Actinomyces N4antibioticus .
Changes in the content of ribosomal RNA and the activity of ribosomal RNAase in the brain under natural physiological conditions .
Effect of the antibiotic D-cycloserine and its dimer on the activity of tyrosineaminotransferase in liver tissue of intact
adrenalectomized andhypophysectomized rats .
Analysis of inhibition in pathways of NADP.H2 and NAD.H2 oxidation in livertissue microsomes .
The effect of hydrocortisone and insulin on the activity and isoenzyme oftyrosine-alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase in cytostructures of rat liver .
Changes in cerebrospinal fluid lactate and pyruvate levels during brain surgery under fluotane anesthesia .
Relationship between enterotoxin accumulation and the quantity of pathogenicstaphylococci in cooked meat .
Enterococcal survival in forcemeat preserved in polymer films and in cutletsmade from it .
Comparative study of Aujeszky's disease virus reproduction in a suspension ofpoultry embryonic cells and tissues  author's transl  .
rapid desensitization of a needle phobia by participant modeling.
Drug therapy of hypertension .
The significance of oxygen transport function in preserved erythrocytes forpatients .
Synaptic ATPases and the secretion of mediators .
Problem of the multiple-connected regulation of respiratory indices  pH
pO2,pCO2  of the body .
A pharmacologic analysis of preparatory mechanisms of stereotyped activity indogs .
Determination of GSH-DH activity  E.C.1.8.5.1  presence of the enzyme indifferent wheat varieties  author's transl  .
The distribution of benorylate in plasma
synovial fluid and synovial tissue in rheumatoid arthritis .
Dynamics of neuro-humoral reactions of resistant and capacitive vessels in theprocess of adaptation to conditions of high altitude
1
reflective reactions experimental study  .
Change of cellular composition of blood and erythropoietic activity of bloodserum under the effect of constant magnetic field in high altitude  experimental study  .
Diurnal excretion of corticosteroids in chronic liver diseases .
Immunofluorescence
bacteriological and patho-morphological studies of theorgans of respiration of children who died of acute pneumonia .
Chemical analysis of kidney calculi .
Diagnosis of spheroidal formations localized in the upper segment of the lowerpulmonary lobe  C6  .
Oncological service in Kirghizia .
Certain problems of diagnosis and clinical course of nephroptosis .
Ultrasonic test in evaluation of the function of the Eustachian tube .
Improvement of the method of preparation of biogenic prosthesis .
Principles and certain errors of daily isoserological blood tests .
X-ray diagnosis of multiple progressive ossifying myositis .
Objectives of public health economics .
Georgiĭ Fedorovich Lang - founder of Soviet therapeutic school .
Boris Fabianovich Shagan .
Lev Petrovich Pressman  on his 75th birthday  .
Effectiveness of use of cytological method of examination in mass preventivescreening of the female population of the Republic .
Dynamics of neuro-humoral reactions of resistant and capacitive vessels in theprocess of adaptation to high altitude conditions
reactions to electricstimulation of the sympathetic nerves
2
Experimental study  .
Effect of treatment with strophanthin K of chronic cardiac insufficiency inpatients with mitral valve defect
living in the mountain area .
Rate of distribution of pulse wave in patients with II-A stage hypertensivedisease treated with artificial iodo-bromide baths under conditions of medium Cholpon-Ata health resort  and low  city of Frunze  altitudes .
Clinical characteristics of intestinal coli infection in the city of Frunze .
Immunoglobulin content in newborn infants under conditions of both altitude ofKirghizia .
Problems of alcoholism and the tasks of public health authorities .
Fractional identification of proteins of erythrocyte hemolysate subjected todisc electrophoresis in polyacrylamide gel .
Study of mineral content of kidney calculi .
Determination of lysozyme in blood serum by the method of diffusion in agar .
Importance of Co35 in the treatment of secondary hypochromic anemia in youngchildren .
Effectiveness of the vaccine of Vi-antigen of Salmonella typhosa in children andadolescents .
Immunofluorescence method in etiological diagnosis of acute pneumonia inchildren .
Use of interferon for prevention of acute respiratory viral diseases inchildren's collectives  literature survey  .
First results of the work of the urban cytological laboratory .
In vitro effect of leukocytic and thymic histones and their fractions on theactivity of the causative agent of meningopneumonia .
Immunological polyfunctionality of proteins and its meaning for the analysis of an allergen-active bacterial substrate .
Some properties of the alpha-hemolysin produced by a hemolytic strain of E.coli .
An experimental study of the spectrum of individual psychotropic activity ofclozapine  Leponex  .
affinity elution of pyruvate kinase from phosphocellulose.
Influence of temperature on enzyme activity determination in serum   L-aspartateaminotransferase isoenzymes .
Studies of in vitro cultivated cells from the smooth muscle organs
3.Effectiveness of some drugs on pulsation frequency of isolated smooth musclecells of the chicken amnion .
Modification of the adjuvans arthritis by carrageenin
compound 48/80,histamine- and serotonin antagonists
non-steroid antiphlogistics as well asprotease inhibitors and their possible relations to inflammation mediators .
Tremorigenic effect of alpha
alpha - dipyridyl in the rat .
properties of plasma membranes from granulation tissue with reference toextracellular matrix.
serum gastrin concentration before and after parietal cell vagotomy in man anddog.
Histological study of host reactions to allograft of the tooth and thesubcutaneous insertion of dental prosthetic materials .
Comparative study of a new antihistamine
mequitazine
and placebos .
beclomethasone dipropionate aerosol treatment of hay fever
a dose-responseinvestigation.
influence of changes in arterial PCO2 on cerebral blood flow and cerebral energy state during hypothermia in the rat.
neurohistological and histochemical observations on the lung of Rattus rattusrufescens  Indian black rat .
response of the hypothalamic neurosecretory system of the female catfish,Heteropneustes fossilis  Bloch
to hypophysectomy.
Modification of nystagmus through the effect of drugs
pharmacodynamicintroduction .
Modification of nystagmus through the effect of drugs .
Determination of the active ingredient content in Tavegyl tablets .
reactions of the arterial blood pressure in changed haemodynamic conditions andunder the effect of bilateral carotid occlusion.
on the mechanism of the relaxing adrenaline effect on cat jejunum.
hypoxemic hypoxia produced by intravenous controlled infusion of CO2 in therabbit.
a method for the continuous study of net water transport in the feline smallbowel.
effect of bulbar acidification on basal secretion of acid and gastrin in dog.
presynaptic alpha- and beta-adrenoceptor medicated control of noradrenalinerelease in human oviduct.
Kinetics of sodium nitrite decomposition .
chemistry and biology of macromolecular inhibitors from yeast acting onproteinases A and B
and carboxypeptidase Y.
regulation of enzyme activity by glucagon  increased hormonal activity ofiodinated glucagon.
metabolite concentrations and concentration ratios in metabolic regulation.
mechanisms for the oxidative decarboxylation of isocitrate  implications forcontrol.
mannosidosis of Angus Cattle  a prototype control program for some geneticdiseases.
classification and biological distribution of histamine receptor sub-types.
the biochemical pathology of aspirin-induced gastric damage.
Corneal infections  author's transl  .
differentiation of newly isolated strains of Trypanosoma  Schizotrypanum  cruziby agglutination and precipitation reactions.
identification of T
brucei-subgroup strains isolated from game.
studies on malaria and responses of Anopheles balabacensis balabacensis andAnopheles minimus to DDT residual spraying in Thailand.
Ecological study of Ixodes ricinus  Linné
1758   Acarina
ixodoides  insoutheastern France .
the micro-organisms of tsetse flies.
the histopathology of experimental disease produced in mice infected withTrypanosoma vivax.
lipase and unspecific esterase activity in the fat body of Aedes aegypti L.
effect of adsorbents on IgM and IgG measles antibodies.
correlation between molecular size and interferon- inducing activity of poly I C.
distribution of Lednice  Yaba 1  virus in the chick embryo.
serological differences between some isolates of bean yellow mosaic virus.
enhancement of the antigenic activity and virulence of the vaccine strain E ofRickettsia prow azeki by passages in cell culture.
immunization against Q-fever of naturally infected dairy cows.
characterization of Nigerian strains of West Nile virus by plaque formation.
search for herpetic antibodies in the cerebrospinal fluid in senile dementia and mental retardation.
selection of chlortetracycline-resistant strain of Coxiella burnetii.
obtaining of measles virus haemagglutinin from strain L-16 grown in primary cell cultures.
pig kidney epithelial  PS  cells  a perfect tool for the study of flavivirusesand some other arboviruses.
precipitation of phase I antigen of Coxiella burnetii by sodium sulfite.
on the problem of oncogene of tumour viruses.
elizaveta Nilolaevna Levkovich-75th birthday.
v.I
gavrilov.
electrocardiographic changes and cardiac arrhythmias in patients receivingpsychotropic drugs.
rapid in-office and in-vivo desensitization of an injection phobia utilizinghypnosis.
nutrition education in the medical school curriculum  a proposal for action  acurriculum design.
management of life-threatening asthma with intravenous isoproterenol infusions.
responses to drug therapy in ulcerative colitis
evaluation by rectal biopsy and histopathological changes.
biochemical and electrophoretic studies of erythrocyte pyridoxine kinase in whiteand black Americans.
use of the latent image technique to develop and evaluate problem-solving skills.
review of drug treatment for Down's syndrome persons.
development of a special electrode for continuous subcutaneous pH measurement in the infant scalp.
rapid infusion of sodium bicarbonate and albumin into high-risk premature infantssoon after birth  a controlled
prospective trial.
effect of pH on ionic exchange and function in rat and rabbit myocardium.
acid-base balance in amphibian gastric mucosa.
effect of sodium nitrate loading on electrolyte transport by the renal tubule.
coronary vascular and myocardial responses to carotid body stimulation in thedog.
oxygenation of frog gastric mucosa in vitro.
mechanisms of disposal of acid and alkali in rabbit duodenum.
letter  Acid secretion by gastric mucous membrane.
maintenance antipsychotic therapy  is the cure worse than the disease?
task delegation to physician extenders--some comparisons.
chest roentgenography as a window to the diagnosis of Takayasu's arteritis.
evaluation of the Nissen antireflux procedure by esophageal manometry andtwenty-four hour pH monitoring.
Effect of combined use of steroid preparations with pyrroxane on thegonadotropic function of the hypophysis .
Changes in the indicators of immunologic reactivity in patients with juvenileuterine hemorrhages in different methods of therapy .
Plasma renin activity and plasma aldosterone during anaesthesia and operativestress and beta-adrenergic blockade  author's transl  .
rapid
multisample isoelectric focusing in sucrose density gradients usingconventional polyacrylamide electrophoresis equpiment  a two-peak transient inthe approach-to-equilibrium.
assay of picomole amounts of ATP
aDP
and AMP using the luciferase enzymesystem.
analytical studies on crotamine hydrochloride.
protein staining and pH gradient determination on the same gel in isoelectricfocusing.
desalting of RPC-5 oligonucleotides on Dowex 50.
extinction coefficients for use in equations for the spectrophotometric analysis of haemoglobin mixtures.
ehancement of fine structure of ultraviolet spectra applied to direct extraction of drugs from urine.
letter  Thiopental absorption after inadvertent injection into the epiduralspace.
Surgical criteria for reoperation in abdominal surgery .
Nephrologic criteria for reoperation  in the framework of abdominal surgery  .
Criteria for reoperation in abdominal surgery  exclusive of surgical andnephrological criteria  .
Discussion  criteria for reoperation in multiply-operated patients .
Preparation of the patient for reoperation .
Anesthesia in reoperations in abdominal surgery .
Peroperative resuscitation in abdominal reoperations .
The surgical period .
Respiratory problems following repeated abdominal surgery .
Infectious problems in reoperations in abdominal surgery
apropos of 104operations .
Nutrition in the surgical patient with complications .
Surgical problems
Apropos of reoperations in abdominal surgery  .
Prognostic factors in reoperations in abdominal surgery
apropos of 104operations .
Respiratory signs of surgical complications after abdominal operations .
Medico-surgical evaluation of 71 reoperations in abdominal surgery .
Postoperative peritonitis
use of metabolic disorders as criteria forreoperations .
Our experience with reoperations in abdominal surgery
54 reoperations in 46patients in the last 4 years  .
Anesthesia and resuscitation of a thoracic-injured patient just arriving at the hospital .
Anesthesia and resuscitation of a heroin addict .
Loco-regional anesthesia of the foot by truncal infiltration at the level of theankle .
Demythification of acupunctural anesthesia .
Study of the effects of Alfatesin on cerebral blood flow in cats .
Effects of Alfatesin on total cerebral blood flow in humans .
Study of pressor drops during continuous peridural analgesia in gerontologicsurgery .
Harzard of chronic exposure to halothane for operating room personnel .
Organization of first aid on the northern motorway in Picardy
role of theregional Medical First Aid Unit .
Helicopters and medical first aid units
role of Medical First Aid Unit 94 .
Clinical and therapeutic problems posed by hangings
apropos of 67 cases .
Severe complications of subclavian vein catheterization .
Acute renal insufficiency and fat embolism .
Anesthesia-reanimation and perinatology
introduction .
Effects of nasogastric intubation on respiratory resistance and work in newborn and premature infants .
Treatment of severe forms of idiopathic respiratory distress in newborn infants using constant negative perithoracic pressure .
PAH clearance measurement without urine samples in the newborn infant withrespiratory distress .
Transport of "high-risk" newborn infants
Apropos of 159 emergency calls by theSAMU 94-Service d'Aide Médicale Urgente-Emergency Health Service  .
Transport of newborn infants
apropos of 114 cases .
Vascular and infectious enteropathy in newborn infants
reflections onpathogeny; clinical and therapeutic deductions
apropos of 45 cases .
Pre-
per-
and postoperative resuscitation in thoracic surgery in newborninfants .
Congenital cardiopathies appearing during the neonatal period
the view pointsof the cardiologist
the hemodynamics specialist
the surgeon
and theanesthetist .
Leukomalacia and subsequent brain status in relation to intensive neonatalcare .
Neonatal listeriosis  based on 43 cases  .
Appearance of coagulation disorders in the non-healthy newborn infant .
Perinatal assistance in the delivery room--reanimation of the newborn infant .
Therapeutic trials in pregnant women .
Drug interference and the role of anesthesia in such interference .
Drug heritage of the newborn infant .
Influence on the fetus of drugs taken during pregnancy .
Evaluation of fetal maturity at birth .
Severe respiratory distress with stubborn hypoxemia in newborn infants whosemothers had had placenta previa .
Primary management of labor using neuroleptic analgesia .
Drugs most frequently used during pregnancy and labor and their effects .
Important physiological considerations in artificial respiration and reanimationof newborn infants .
Spectrofluorometric determination of a new beta-blocking agent
acebutolol inblood and urine .
Determination of the activity of serum ornithine carbamoyltranferase   workingconditions in a veronal-acetate medium .
behavior modification
a perspective on critical issues.
comparison of anileridine and pethidine in preventing pain responses duringnitrous oxide-oxygen anaesthesia.
effects of the cardioselective beta-blocker metoprolol in angina pectoris
asubacute study with exercise tests.
effects of external and internal arthropod parasites on domestic livestockproduction.
Effect of the phosphorus concentration on novobiocin formation by the producerAct
spheroides .
Microbiological study of gentamiycin .
Use of lincomycin
methicillin and ristomycin in the nutrient media forisolating pathogenic intestinal microorganisms .
Characteristics of the oxidative metabolism in strains with varying levels offucidin biosynthesis .
lactulose therapy in Shigella carrier state and acute dysentery.
antimicrobial effect of simple lipids and the effect of pH and positive ions.
regulation of citrate synthase activity of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
role of acetate metabolism in sporulation of Saccharomyces carlsbergensis.
bacterial and fungal growth in total parenteral nutrition solutions,.
new medium for isolating iron-oxidizing and heterotrophic acidophilic bacteriafrom acid mine drainage.
effect of initial pH on aflatoxin production.
high-temperature production of protein-enriched feed from cassava by fungi.
removal of algae from Florida lakes by magnetic filtration.
factors influencing detection and enumeration of Pseudomonas aeruginosa bymost-probable-number and membrane filtration techniques.
heat resistance of ileal loop reactive Bacillus cereus strains isolated fromcommercially canned food.
kinetics of a bacterial culture growth  validity of the affinity rule inbiological systems.
beclomethasone dipropionate aerosol in treatment of hay fever in children.
the influence of oxyhemoglobin affinity on tissue oxygen consumption.
the relationship between muscle surface pH and oxygen transport.
sodium nitroprusside as a coronary vasodilator in man  a comparison of theeffects of sodium nitroprusside and papaverine hydrochloride on aortocoronarysaphenous vein graft flow.
comparative evaluation of a new disposable rotating membrane oxygenator withbubble oxygenator.
adrenergic drug-receptor interaction in the presence of strontium  Sr++  inmammalian myocardium.
effects of isoprenaline and phenylephrine on plasma potassium  role of the liver.
benzodiazepines and amphetamine on avoidance behaviour in mice.
Age related effects of furosemide in the rat .
the effect of sulfhydryl reagents on the heart rate and coronary flow of theisolated perfused guinea-pig heart.
metabolic inhibition and adrenoceptor interconversion.
the influence of temperature increase
elevation of extracellularh+-concentration
and of triiodothyronine on the actions of phenylephrine,histamine
and beta-sympathomimetic drugs on rabbit aortic strips.
influence of pH on the contractor effect of convulsant barbiturate on frog lung.
action of six commonly used benzodiazepines on isolated guinea-pig ileumpreparation.
electrical events associated with the action of nicotine at the adrenergic nerve terminal.
positive inotropic effect of insulin on rabbit auricle in vitro.
ionic basis for intracellular 14C-nicotine accumulation in slices from different rat brain areas.
mechanism of the antidiuretic effect of beta-adrenergic stimulation in man.
renal acidification in sickle cell trait.
therapeutic implications of gentamicin accumulation in severly diseased kidneys.
Therapy of impending premature labor and delivery .
Relationships of carbohydrates/lipid metabolism and function of thefetoplacental unit during administration of Th 1165a  partusisten  .
Proceedings  Effect of beta-mimetics on uteroplacental hemodynamics .
Effect of labor inhibitor Th 1165 a  partusisten  on cardiovascular parameters
blood gases and pH values of mother and fetus in animal experiments .
First results of preventive tocolytic agent administration in twin pregnancies .
Cerclage successes in various indications
cerclage and tocolysis .
Therapeutic aspects of chronic placental insufficiency .
Acid-base status and blood picture in post-mature newborn infants .
Indications for cesarean section  indication and status of the newborn infantafter surgery .
Is vaginal breech delivery still justified? .
Labor induction in high-risk labors using prostaglandin F2alpha with subsequent determination of oxygen consumption in the newborn infant .
Enzymes in the cervix mucus .
the influence of pH on the growth and stability of transmissible gastroenteritis virus in vitro.
the influence of physicochemical factors on the thermal inactivation of murineinterferon.
isoelectric focusing of herpes simplex virus.
effect of pH on the growth and cytopathogenicity of avian infectious bronchitisvirus in chick kidney cells.
an infrared and x-ray diffractometric study of the incorporation of fluoride intohydorxyapatite under conditions of the cyclic variation of pH.
eugenol improvement due to aging
a laboratory appraisal.
nursing Administrators' Annual Conference
effective delegation.
effect of prednisolone and salicyclic acid on ionic fluxes across the humanstomach.
undescended testis  congenital or acquired?
salazopyrin in the treatment of scleroderma.
effects of altering monoamine metabolism on the adrenocortical response tohypoxia.
calcitonin-sensitive adenylate cyclase in rat renal tubular membranes.
stabilization of rat liver tyrosine aminotransferase by tetracycline.
factors regulating amino acid release from extrasplanchnic tissues in the rat.Interactions of alanine and glutamine.
amino acids attached to transfer ribonucleic acid in vivo.
initial rates of pyruvate transport in mitochondria determined by an"inhibitor-stop" technique.
a comparative study between a chondroitinase B and a chondroitinase AC fromFlavobacterium heparinum  Isolation of a chondroitinase AC-susceptibledodecasaccharide from chondroitin sulphate B.
subtilopeptidase A isoenzyme system
interaction with serum components and itsimportance for quantitative immunoelectrophoresis.
fructose 1,6-diphosphate aldolase from rabbit muscle
effect of pH on the rate offormation and on the equilibrium concentration of the carbanion intermediate.
purification and characterization of a collagenase extracted from rabbit tumours.
inhibition of leucocytic lysosomal enzymes by glycosaminoglycans in vitro.
methanol poisoning
i
the role of formic acid in the development of metabolicacidosis in the monkey and the reversal by 4-methylpyrazole.
the isolation
purification
and properties of a ribonuclease from normal humanurine.
rapid determination of plasma ammonia using an ion specific electrode.
glycosyltransferases in human respiratory tissue
alterations in subjects withhypersecretion of mucus.
induction of DT-diaphorase by 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin  ICDD .
activation of wheat germ acetyl CoA carboxylase by potassium and rubidium.
in vitro release of thymine from DNA by neocarzinostatin.
fluroxene  2,2,2-trifluoroethyl vinyl ether  mediated destruction of cytochromeP-450 in vitro.
covalent binding of trans-stilbene to rat liver microsomes.
brain enzyme levels during intraperitoneal injections of ammonium acetate.
effects of stereochemical structures of tetrahydropterins on tyrosinehydroxylase.
modifications of citrate and isocitrate metabolism in liver mitochondria ofethanol-fed rats.
The effects of 5,6-dihydroxytryptamine on the transport mechanisms of variousneurotransmitters or their precursors at the synaptosomal level in the ratmesencephalon .
inhibition of hepatic mixed-function oxidase activity in vitro and in vivo byvarious thiono-sulfur-containing compounds.
rabbit erythrocyte membrane interaction with promazine and calcium.
Effect of dietetic and hormonal factors on ornithine transaminase and tyrosinetransaminase of the chichen liver .
On the mechanism of hypothalamic adrenergic mediation
histochemical research .
injuries to the mouth and teeth in an undergraduate population.
urinary d-glucaric acid excretion and serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidaseactivity in alcoholism.
trial of a long-acting antihistamine in the treatment of coryza.
circulating levels of prolactin in human breast cancer.
effect of aflatoxin B1 on pyridine nucleotides and NADP linked dehydrogenases.
esterase activity of zinc neutral proteases.
the binding of reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide to citrate synthase ofEscherichia coli K12.
the structure of the covalent adduct formed by the interaction of3-dimethylamino-1-propyne and the flavine of mitochondrial amine oxidase.
the absolute configuration of the amino acids indelta- alpha-aminoadipyl cysteinylvaline from Penicillium chrysogenum.
chromatin-bound protease  degradation of chromosomal proteins under chromatindissociation conditions.
aTPase of Escherichia coli  purification
dissociation
and reconstitution of theactive complex from the isolated subunits.
conformation of gonadotropin releasing hormone.
the thermodynamics of the self-association of the reduced and carboxymethylatedform of apo-a-II from the human high density lipoprotein complex.
low and high pH form of cadmium carbonic anhydrase determined by nuclearquadrupole interaction.
oxidation-reduction properties of Chromatium vinosum high potential iron-sulfurprotein.
isolation
chemical
and physical properties of alpha-1-antitrypsin.
purification and properties of the thermostable acid protease of Penicilliumduponti.
biosynthesis of bacterial glycogen
purification and properties of theEscherichia coli B ADPglucose 1,4-alpha-D-glucan 4-alpha-glucosyltransferase.
bovine procarboxypeptidase A  kinetics of peptide and ester hydrolysis.
ionic influences on the phase transition of dipalmitoylphosphatidylserine.
light scattering from suspensions of membrane fragments derived from sonicationof beef heart mitochondria.
isolation and characterization of two alkaline ribonucleases from calf serum.
isolation and characterization of the brush border fraction from newborn ratrenal proximal tubule cells.
glial fibrillary acidic protein from bovine and rat brain
degradation in tissuesand homogenates.
studies on the binding of haemoglobin by haptoglobin using electrofocusing andgradient electrophoresis.
cytochrome P450cam and its complexes
mössbauer parameters of the heme iron.
cross partition and determination of net charge of the isoenzymes of enolase.
avoidance of strongly chaotropic eluents for immunoaffinity chromatography bychemical modification of immobilized ligand.
release and activation of a particulate bound acid phosphatase from Tetrahymenapyriformis.
partial purification and characterization of post-proline cleaving enzyme enzymatic inactivation of neurohypophyseal hormones by kidney preparations ofvarious species.
adenosine phosphyorylase activity as distinct from inosine-guanosinephosphorylase activity in Sarcoma 180 cells and rat liver.
purification and properties of an alpha-amylase inhibitor from wheat.
purification and specificity of prolyl dipeptidase from bovine kidney.
isolation and characterization of beta-glucosidase from the cytosol of rat kidneycortex.
studies on  Na+ + K+ -activated ATPase
xXXVIII
a 100 000 molecular weightprotein as the low-energy phosphorylated intermediate of the enzyme.
partial purification and properties of a chromatin-associated phosphoproteinkinase from rat liver nuclei.
purification and some properties of rat liver cysteine oxidase  cysteinedioxygenase .
conformations of lysine-sensitive aspartokinase.
the sulphatase of ox liver
xIX
on the nature of the polymeric forms ofsulphatase A present in dilute solutions.
purification and characterization of an extracellular exo-D-galacturonanase ofAspergillus niger.
the biosynthesis of multi-L-arginyl-poly L-aspartic acid  in the filamentouscyanobacterium Anabaena cylindrica.
separation of subchloroplast membrane particles by counter-current distribution.
stimulation of ATP synthesis in Halobacterium halobium R1 by light-induced orartifically created proton electrochemical potential gradients across the cellmembrane.
mechanism of active shrinkage in mitochondria
iI
coupling between strongelectrolyte fluxes.
inhibitory effect of p-nitrothiophenol in the light on the photosystem IIactivity of spinach chloroplasts.
relations between the electrical potential
pH gradient
proton flux andphosphorylation in the photosynthetic membrane.
a possible mechanism of the generation of singlet molecular oxygen innadph-dependent microsomal lipid peroxidation.
primary reactions of photosystem II at low pH
i
prompt and delayedfluorescence.
immunological similarity between NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase of erythrocytes andliver microsomes.
effect of NADP on light-induced cytochrome changes in membrane fragments from ablue-green alga.
kinetic studies on cytochrome c oxidase by combined epr and reflectancespectroscopy after rapid freezing.
some thermodynamic and kinetic properties of the primary photochemical reactants in a complex from a green photosynthetic bacterium.
reaction of uracil and thymine derivatives with sodium bisulfite
studies on the mechanism and reduction of the adduct.
intramembrane particle aggregation in erythrocyte ghosts
iI
the influence ofspectrin aggregation.
the rate of calcium uptake into sarcoplasmic reticulum of cardiac muscle andskeletal muscle
effects of cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase and phosphorylaseb kinase.
Microcolorimetric study of the association of trypsin with a pancreaticinhibitor .
Partial purification and properties of protease from Torula thermophila .
Various properties of the creatine transport system and the location of creatinekinase in skeletal muscle mitochondria .
Isolation and properties of a homogeneous L-asparaginase preparation fromPseudomonas fluorescens AG .
Analysis of sheep blood serum haptoglobin .
Reaction ability and alkylation kinetics of sulfhydride groups of solublesuccinate dehydrogenase .
Effect of IAA on the photophosphorylation of pea isolated chloroplasts .
Purification
molecular multiplicity and kinetic properties of "biosynthetic"L-threonine dehydratase from E
coli K-12 .
Purification and some properties of electrophoretic variants of6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase from rat erythrocytes .
Comparative study of glutamate dehydrogenases of Chlorella .
Fibril formation in solutions of solubilized collagen .
on the proteolytic acitivity of ribosomes.
The effect of several substances on the absorption of radioactive strontium bybone crystals
iI .
The effect of bile acids and their salts on the lipolytic activity ofmicroorganisms .
pAH clearance
sodium excretion
and PAH extraction ratio in acidotic near-termlambs treated with hypertonic sodium bicarbonate.
international symposium on the mitral valve.
biomedical engineering in West Germany.
Correction of plasma hemoglobin measurements in calculating a hemolysis index .
Study of the osmotic behaviour of human platelets .
oxygen transport by haemoglobin
a comparison of whole blood
washed erythrocytesand haemoglobin solution.
kinetics of the disordered chain-to-beta transformation of poly L-tyrosine  inaqueous solution.
thermodynamic investigations of proteins
i
standard functions for proteins withlysozyme as an example.
thermodynamic investigations of proteins
iII
thermodynamic description oflysozyme.
the self-association of adenosine-5'-triphosphate studied by circular dichroismat low ionic strengths.
salt effects on the denaturation of DNA
v
preferential interactions of nativeand denatured calf thymus DNA in Na2SO4 solutions of varying ionic strength.
1H nuclear magnetic resonance studies of histidine-containing di- andtripeptides
estimation of the effects of charged groups on the pKa value of the imidazole ring.
cooperative ligand binding by ferrihemoglobin  an experimental artifact?
studies on immobilized trypsin in high concentrations of organic solvents.
enzyme immobilization on fibrin.
the effect of tetracyclines on the viscoelastic properties of bronchial mucus.
Neuro-muscular synapse ultrastructure in the Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome .
evolution of functional respiratory disorders in different types ofpneumoconiosis.
prostaglandins in pyometrial fluid from the cow
bitch and ferret.
assessment in the guinea-pig ileum and mouse vas deferens of benzomorphans which have strong antinociceptive activity but do not substitute for morphine in thedependent monkey.
the actions of flupenthixol upon 5-hydroxytryptamine-induced aggregation and the uptake of 5-hydroxytryptamine and dopamine by human blood platelets.
editorial  New treatment for ulcerative colitis?
long-term perhexiline maleate and liver function.
beta-blockers in the treatment of chronic simple glaucoma.
letter  First-aid treatment of poisoning.
letter  Massive intoxication with metoprolol.
immunohistochemical localization of choline acetyltransferase containingneostriatal neurons and their relationship with dopaminergic synapses.
developmental variations of tyrosine hydroxylase and acetylcholinesterase inembryonic and post-hatching chicken sympathetic ganglia.
pH-dependent solubilization of brain mitochondrial hexokinase  developmentalconsiderations.
Erythrocyte stroma included in polyacrylamide gel
applications to affinitychromatography .
Value of the "gastric chamber"
new technic performed ex vivo
for the study of the gastric mucosa of the rat .
Dopamine of the caudate nucleus in Perodictious potto
macaca mulatta and Macacafascicularis .
The effect of activator on the esterase activity of plasmin obtained bystreptokinase .
Oxidative metabolism of funicular tissue
iI
determination of the activity ofcertain Krebs cycle enzymes .
The effect of amino acids on the excitability of identified autoactive giantneurons of Achatina fulica Férussac .
Rapid production of a biotin deficiency in mice .
Ciguatera  neurophysiologic and histoenzymologic studies of several fractions ofciguatoxic extracts .
lorazepam as a premedication.
studies on fazadinium bromide  ah 8165   a new non-depolarizing neuromuscularblocking agent.
biology of large bowel cancer
present status and research frontiers.
laboratory aids to diagnosis--enzymes.
increase in alkaline phosphatase activity in the liver of mice bearing Ehrlichascites tumor.
monoamine storage sites in the rat superior cervical ganglion following synthesisinhibition.
ultracytochemistry of the synaptic ribbons in the rat pineal organ.
tolerance in early embryo aggregation-derived mouse chimaeras.
apparent T cell function of bone marrow cells from mice experiencing agraft-versus-host reaction.
graft-versus-host induced immunosuppression  depressed T cell helper function in vitro.
afferent neural pathway in the regulation of cardiopulmonary responses to tissue hypermetabolism.
determination of the molar absorptivity of NADH.
molar absorptivities of beta-NADH and beta-NADPH.
analysis for indole compounds in urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorometric detection.
effect of halothane anesthesia on muscle
liver
thyroid
and adrenal-functiontests in man.
improved assay for urinary 17-hydroxycorticosteroids.
radioimmunoassay of plasma renin activity.
p-Hydroxybenzoic acid hydrazide procedure for serum glucose adapted to theTechnicon "SMA 12/60," and compared with other glucose methods.
lipoamide dehydrogenase in serum  a preliminary report.
direct radioimmunoassay of plasma cortisol.
methodological simplifications in radioimmunoassay of urinary aldosterone.
Studies on the activities of peptidases from human leucocytes
and human andguinea pig alveolar macrophages  author's transl  .
a kinetic method for the determination of haptoglobin as haemoglobin bindingcapacity.
gas-liquid chromatographic determination of sulthiame in human plasma.
experience with a simple method for estrogen receptor assay in breast cancer.
immunological detection of isoferritins in normal human serum and tissue.
acceleration of autoimmunity in NZB/NZW F1 mice by graft-versus-host disease.
lymphocyte subpopulations
human red blood cell rosettes.
acetate intolerance during hemodialysis.
effect of liver failure on the ventilatory response to hypoxia in man and thegoat.
ventilatory response to carbon dioxide in tetanus.
partition of excretory nitrogen in amphibia.
thermoregulation in crocodilians--II
a telemetric study of body temperature inthe Australian crocodiles
crocodylus johnstoni and Crocodylus porosus.
the effects of sublethal concentrations of organophosphorus insecticides and aninsect growth regulator on temperature tolerance in hydrated and dehydratedjuvenile western toads
bufo boreas.
studies on avian erythrocyte metabolism--II
relationship between the majorphosphorylated metabolic intermediates and oxygen affinity of whole blood inchick embryos and chicks.
regulation of arterial pH during fresh water to sea water transfer in the rainbowtrout Salmo gairdneri.
osmoregulatory control mechanisms in freshwater coelenterates.
estimation of glucose in the haemolymph of the American cockroach
periplanetaamericana.
mediation of glucagon in the response of the domestic fowl to stress.
the function of hemoglobin in the arcid clam Noetia ponderosa--I
oxygenation in vitro and in vivo.
the function of hemoglobin in the arcid clam Noetia ponderosa--II
oxygen uptake and storage.
characteristics of vasopressin action on Na transport across the isolated toadskin.
a procedure for location and removal of the lachrymal and harderian glands ofavian species.
weight loss and temperature regulation in clustered versus individual Glossophagasoricina.
physiological properties of electroreceptors of marine skates.
the amino acid requirements for larval development of the hymenopterousparasitoid Exeristes roborator fabricius  Hymenoptera  Ichneumonidae .
the influence of photoperiod and temperature on seasonal testicular recrudescencein the red-sided garter snake  Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis .
a phylogenetic study of serum nonsuppressible insulin-like activity  NSILA .
invertebrate nerve-muscle systems.
the influence of carbon dioxide on the blood sugar concentration in thefresh-water fish
labeo capensis  Smith .
comparative hematology-studies on hedgehogs  Erinaceus europaeus .
effect of photoperiod on the temperature tolerance of the blacknose dace,Rhinichthys atratulus.
the role of organic phosphates in modulating the oxygenation behavior of eelhemoglobin.
oxygen consumption in the prosobranch snail Viviparus contectoides  Mollusca Gastropoda --II
effects of temperature and pH.
the water content of muscle and cuticle of the woodlouse Oniscus asellus inconditions of hydration and desiccation.
cardio-respiratory relationships during "eupnoea" and respiratory arrhythmias in the Port Jackson shark
heterodontus portusjacksoni.
the respiratory significance of the Sabellastarte magnifica branchial crown.
a biotelemetry study of the thermoregulatory patterns of Tamias striatus andEutamias minimus during hibernation.
relationship of light intensity and photoperiod to circannual rhythmicity in the hibernating ground squirrel
citellus lateralis.
mitochondrial membrane fatty acids of liver and heart of the euthermic andhibernating ground squirrel  Citellus tridecemlineatus .
studies on the annual reproductive cycle of the female cobra
naja naja
seasonalvariation in plasma inorganic ions.
the diel rhythm of circulating ACTH titer in the goldfish  Carassius auratus l. .
the effect of environmental factors on the absorption of L-phenylalanine by thegill of Mytilus edulis.
a physical basis for head-body temperature differences in reptiles.
the influence of body weight on gas exchange in the air-breathing fish
clariasbatrachus.
effect of glucose on salt gland secretion in the glaucous-winged gull
larusglaucescens.
free amino aicds in Aurelia aurita scyphistomae from Corpus Christi
texas.
studies on the digestive enzymes of the stomachless bonefish Carassius auratusgibelio  Bloch   endopeptidases.
isolation and general characterization of myoglobin from the dolphin fishCoryphaena hippurus  L. .
analysis of the structural forms of alpha-amylase present in chicken  Gallusdomesticus  pancreatic duct juice and intestinal lumen.
Testicular physiology and pathology
iV
male hypogonadism .
drug-induced phospholipidoses
iI
tissue distribution of the amphiphilic drugchlorphentermine.
a comparative study of metoprolol and trichlormethiazide in hypertension.
a double-blind evaluation of metiapine in hospitalized acute schizophrenics.
the morning after  residual EEG effects of triazolam and flurazepam
alone and incombination with alcohol.
lung lysyl oxidase and elastin synthesis during compensatory lung growth.
symposium  Cancer of the colon and rectum.
Treatment of severe hypnotic poisoning with extracorporeal haemoperfusion author's transl  .
Conservative therapy of coronary disease .
Letter  Beta-receptor blockaders in intraventricular conduction disorders? .
failure to monoaminergic and cholinergic receptor blockers to preventprostaglandin E2-induced luteinizing hormone release.
neurotransmitter regulation of growth hormone and ACTH in the rhesus monkey effects of biogenic amines.
adrenergic binding sites and enzyme activities in the heart of hyperthyroid rats.
determination of total insulin  TIRI  in plasma of insulin-treated diabetics and newborn infants of insulin-treated diabetic mothers.
the hydrology of the coastal waters of Hong Kong.
fenitrooxon and S-methyl fenitrothion  acute toxicity and hydrolysis in mammals.
glutamine synthetase
glutaminase and phosphodiesterase activities in brain underhypoxia  in vitro effect of cortisol
gABA and serotonin on glutamine synthetase.
intermediates in the interconversion of acid and alkaline ferrihemoglobin.Structural and kinetic aspects.
the reaction kinetics of fluoride and ammonia with acid and alkalineferrimyoglobin in a crystalline state.
circular-dichroism and absorption spectroscopic studies on specific aromaticresidues involved in the different modes of aggregation of tobacco-mosaic-virusprotein.
characterization of the oxygenase activity in a mutant of Chlamydomonas reinhardiexhibiting altered ribulosebisphosphate carboxylase.
an intracellular endonuclease of Bacillus subtilis specific for single-strandedDNA.
guanylate cyclase  assay and properties of the particulate and supernatantenzymes in mouse parotid.
influence of unsaturated fatty acids in chloroplasts
shift of the pH optimum of electron flow and relations to deltapH
thylakoid internal pH and proton uptake.
uronic acid dehydrogenase from Pseudomonas syringae
purification and properties.
the purification and properties of the trimethoprim-resistant dihydrofolatereductase mediated by the R-factor
r388.
glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis in arterial wall
hexosaminyltransferase andglucuronyltransferase in cell membranes of aortic media-intima.
a study of the lysyl residues in the basic pancreatic trypsin inhibitor using 1H nuclear magnetic resonance at 360 Mhz.
effect of triiodothyronine on rat liver chromatin protein kinase.
subcellular distribution of histone-degrading enzyme activities from rat liver.
anion and amine uptake and uncoupling in submitochondrial particles.
oral antipyretic therapy  evaluation of benorylate
an ester of acetylsalicylicacid and paracetamol.
effect of ischemic anoxia on electrical and mechanical activity of the totallyisolated porcine stomach.
combined azaperone and metomidate anaesthesia in liver transplantation in thepig.
cardiovascular and beta-adrenergic blocking effects of timolol.
effects on rectal temperature in rats of gamma-aminobutyric acid; possiblemediation through putative transmitters.
analysis of cardiac chronotropic responses to diazepam and bromazepam inconscious trained dogs.
the amphetamine-induced inhibition of dopamine biosynthesis in rat striatum.
toxicological aspects of dimethyl-ether.
distinctive histochemical characteristics of brain capillaries in organotypicculture.
regulation of increased acid proteinase in denervated skeletal muscle.
mechanics of vascular smooth muscle contraction.
Gastric irrigation and secretion in the ligatured or fistuled pylorus rat uponinfluence of intra-duodenal olive oil  author's transl  .
properties of glutamine aminohydrolases in subcellular fractions of liver oftumour bearing mice.
allergic manifestations of the eye and adjacent structures.
Optimal conditions for extracting coniine with organic solvents .
Dependence of the beta-adrenergic blocking action on the chemical structure inalylphenoxypropanolamine derivatives .
Ability of adrenergic nerves to accumulate exogenous noradrenaline under somepharmacological influences .
the Bohr effect of the isolated alpha and beta chains of human hemoglobulin.
regulation of citrate transport in rat liver mitochondria metabolizing pyruvate.
energy-dependent release of adenine nucleotides tightly bound to chloroplastcoupling factor CF1.
proton magnetic resonance study of troponin-C.
inhibition of DNA synthesis in differentiating cardiac muscle by NAD.
manganese stimulation of oxygen consumption in chloroplasts withdibromothymoquinone.
control of NADP+-specific isocitrate dehydrogenase from Acinetobacter bynucleotides.
the catalytic mechanism of human carbonic anhydrase C  inhibition of CO2hydration and ester hydrolysis by HCO-3.
phosphorylation without protonmotive force.
conformational heterogeneity in linear peptides in solution  a carbon-1 3 NMRstudy of  Pro3
pro5 -angiotensin-II.
4 M guanidine hydrochloride applied to the isolation of DNA from differentsources.
Possible participation of potassium ions in the regulation of local cerebralblood flow .
The dynamics of the respiratory indices of arterial blood
cerebrospinal fluidand the tissue in the area of the bulbar respiratory center during hypoxia .
drugs and periodontal therapy.
the alternate complement pathway in inflammatory bowel disease
quantitation ofthe C3 proactivator  factor B  protein.
measurement of gastric functions during digestion of ordinary solid meals in man.
a dopamine receptor in esophageal smooth muscle of the opossum.
endoscopic signs for gastroesophageal reflux objectively evaluated.
Continuous subcutaneous pH monitoring in newborns with abnormal metabolism author's transl  .
The significance of gestational age in evaluating the antepartal cardiotokogram  author's transl  .
The problems of municipal hygiene and the IV AII-Russian congress of hygienists and health officers .
The problems of labour hygiene at the IV AII-Russian congress of hygienists and health officers .
The important problems of food hygiene in the works of the IV ALL-Russiancongress of hygienists and health officers .
The problems of hygiene of children and adolescents at the IV ALL-Russiancongress of hygienists and health officers .
Tasks in the field of qualifying hygienic specialists in connection with thedecision of the CP CPSS and the council of ministers of the USSR
"Concerning themeans of further improvement of qualifying scientific and scientific-pedagogicspecialists .
The main results and further tasks of hygienic science and health practice infulfilment of decisions of the XXIV congress of the CPSS .
Role of personnel in the specialization of the state sanitary inspection of the USSR .
Electrolytes and acid-base balance in the blood of workers exposed to the actionof fluorine compounds .
characteristics of lipopolysaccharides of Salmonella typhi isolated from carriersand patients suffering from typhoid fever.
reduction of blood platelet monoamine oxidase activity in schizophrenic patients on phenothiazines.
comparative toxicology in vitreous humor and blood.
recent studies on cytochrome P-450-linked functions in isolated rat liver cells.
Inflammatory cerebro-vascular disease  angiographic findings and distributionpatterns  author's transl  .
oxidative deamination of biogenic amines by intestinal amine oxidases  histamine is specifically inactivated by diamine oxidase.
electrodecantation of serum proteins.
d-glucose dehydrogenase from Bacillus megaterium M 1286  purification
propertiesand structure.
the effect of pH on human serum dopamine beta-monooxygenase.
Enzyme induction in Streptomyces hydrogenans
v
characterization oftestosterone-17 beta-dehydrogenase and its induction by steroids .
boar acrosin
iI  Amino acid composition
amino terminal residue and molecularweight estimations by ultracentrifugation.
characterization of protein kinases from Blepharisma intermedium.
Solubilization and purification of a 3alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase in rat liver microsomes  author's transl  .
the tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase of the blowfly
protophormia terrae-novae  partialpurification and characterization.
mandatory CME -- ISMS is ready!
health hazard appraisal
its application as data base information and firstattempt at measuring its clincal efficacy
part I
data base information.
some notes on early medical practices in Illinois
before 1800.
something curious in the medical line.
medicine in the early 1900's.
intraabdominal and pelvic surgery without visible scars.
immunologic disorders in children.
monitoring of fetal heart rate and uterine activity in clinically uncomplicatedpregnancy and labor.
eKG of the month.
renal artery aneurysm.
president's page
medical vs
political thinking.
effect of sodium butyrate on mammalian cells in culture  a review.
the dissociation of insect embryos for cell culture.
on the nature of the presumed receptor for IgE on mast cells
iII
kinetics ofthe blocking of the PCA reaction by cell-free particulate preparations from ratperitoneal mast cells and effect of pH and calcium concentration on the reaction.
a study of parasites in domestic pests in households of patients with tropicalpulmonary eosinophilia.
the first epidemic of Japanese encephalitis studied in India--virologicalstudies.
interaction of antihistaminic agents with adrenoceptors.
a survey of haematophagous arthropods in Western Himalayas
sikkim and HillDistricts of West Bengal  records of mosquitoes collected from Himalayan regionof West Bengal and Sikkim with ecological notes.
ganglion blocking activity of a few quaternised quinoline derivatives.
effect of glucose and sucrose on survival in batch culture of Streptococcusmutans C67-1 and a noncariogenic mutant
c67-25.
microcapsule of type III strains of group B Streptococcus  production andmorphology.
central regulation of blood eosinophilia by the beta-adrenergic system in rats.
comparison between two antibody populations in the EBV system  anti-MA versusneutralizing antibody activity.
gastric acid secretion
serum-gastrin levels and psychomotor function under theinfluence of placebo
insulin-hypoglycemia
and/or bromazepam.
Correlation between plasma concentration and clinical effect of neuroleptics andantidepressants .
the effect of aluminum and pH on altered body distribution of 99mTc-EHDP.
eEG sleep studies of insomniacs under flunitrazepam treatment.
What is reliable in the therapy of the bronchial asthma? .
copper catalyzed alkaline autoxidation of selenocystamine.
the binding of nucleotides to 3'-nucleotidase from wheat germ.
a histochemical study of the apparent deamination of proteins by sodiumhypochlorite.
effects of dbcAMP and theophylline on rat adrenal medulla grown in tissueculture.
the possibilities and limitations of membrane methods for the histochemicaldemonstration of cholinesterases.
improved histological localization of GABA-transaminase activity in ratcerebellar cortex after aldehyde fixation.
effect of monensin fed with forage on digestion and the ruminal ecosystem ofsteers.
effect of plasma  K+  on the DC potential and on ion distributions between CSFand blood.
ontogeny of tracheal fluid
pulmonary surfactant
and plasma corticoids in thefetal lamb.
hydrogen ion concentration and oxygen uptake in an isolated canine hindlimb.
cerebrospinal fluid sampling technique and Astrup pH and PCO2 values.
hypoventilation in ponies after carotid body denervation.
total and regional cerebral blood flow during moderate and severe exercise inminiature swine.
method for measuring hepatic uptake of oxygen or other blood-borne substances in situ.
analysis of pesticide residues by chemical derivatization
iI
n-methylcarbamatesin natural water and soils.
separation of pesticide residues from lipids prior to gas-liquid chromatographic analysis.
collaborative study of the Food Chemicals Codex method for the determination ofthe neutralizing value of sodium aluminum phosphate.
affinity chromatography of trypsin and related enzymes
i
preparation andcharacteristics of an affinity adsorbent containing tryptic peptides fromprotamine as ligands.
effects on tryptophyl absorption of the ionization of the catalytic carboxyls in hen and turkey lysozymes.
resonance Raman scattering from hemoproteins
effects of ligands upon the Ramanspectra of various C-type cytochromes.
studies on the microsomal electron-transport system of anaerobically grown yeast.III
spectral characterization of cytochrome P-450.
polarographic studies on ubiquinone-10 and rhodoquinone bound with chromatophoresfrom Rhodospirillum rubrum.
effect of metal ions in the culture medium on the stearoyl-coenzyme A desaturase activity of Mycobacterium phlei.
purification and some properties of DNA-dependent RNA polymerase from an extreme thermophile
thermus thermophilus HB8.
photoaffinity labeling of concanavalin A
preparation of a concanavalin Aderivative with reduced valence.
chemical modification of carboxyl groups of fibrinogen and its effect on thebinding of cationic detergent.
purification and characterization of proteinase inhibitors from adzuki beans Phaseolus angularis .
mitochondrial malate dehydrogenase of bovine cerebrum
characterization andmechanisms of inhibition by silver ions.
double-headed protease inhibitors from black-eyed peas
iI
structural studies byoptical absorption and circular dichroism.
double-headed protease inhibitors from black-eyed peas
iII
subunit interactionsof the native and half-site chemically modified proteins.
affinity labeling of the primary bilirubin binding site of human serum albumin.
acylation of subtilisin Carlsberg by phenyl esters.
inhibition by superoxide dismutase of methemoglobin formation from oxyhemoglobin.
transport and metabolism of vitamin B6 in the yeast Saccharomyces carlsbergensis 4228.
transport and metabolism of vitamin B6 in Salmonella typhimurium LT2.
correlation of the kinetics of electron transfer activity of various eukaryoticcytochromes c with binding to mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase.
autooxidation and hydroxylation reactions of oxygenated cytochrome P-450cam.
demonstration of a precursor-product relationship between soluble andcross-linked elastin
and the biosynthesis of the desmosines in vitro.
chondroitinase C from Flavobacterium heparinum.
transport mechanisms in isolated plasma membranes
nucleoside processing bymembrane vesicles from mouse fibroblast cells grown in defined medium.
metallophosphoryl and Apophosphoryl Alkaline Phosphatases.
31P NMR of phosphate and phosphonate complexes of metalloalkaline phosphatases.
isolation and characterization of indole-3-acetaldehyde reductases from Cucumissativus.
calcium transport driven by a proton gradient and inverted membrane vesicles ofEscherichia coli.
stoichiometry of H+ ejection during respiration-dependent accumulation of Ca2+ byrat liver mitochondria.
identification of albumin as the serum factor essential for the growth ofactivated human lymphocytes.
the fluorimetric detection of pesticides on aluminium oxide layers.
determination of indomethacin in serum and urine by electron-capture gas-liquidchromatography.
quantitation of bile acids and bile salts by a thin-layer chromatographiccharring method.
separation of some typical Krebs cycle acids by high-speed isotachophoresis.
rapid gas chromatographic determination of underivatized theophylline in wholeblood.
plasma androgen responce to hCG stimulation in prepubertal boys with hypospadias and cryptorchidism.
a rabbit reticulocyte model for the role of hemin-controlled repressor inhypochromic anemias.
arylsulfatase B of human lung
isolation
characterization
and interaction with slow-reacting substance of anaphylaxis.
credibility ratings for desensitization and pseudotherapy among moderately andmildly snake-avoidant college students.
a comparison of female and male neurotic depressives.
counter-current immunoelectrophoresis for the diagnosis of pneumococcal chestinfection.
use of anaerobic culture for the improved isolation of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
factors affecting the assay of gentamicin by the plate diffusion method.
an optimized semi-automatic rate method for serum glutathione reductase activity and its application to patients with malignant disease.
proceedings  Hepatitis B
immune complexes
and the pathogenesis of polyarteritisnodosa.
chemical modulation of agonistic display in Betta splendens.
effects of adrenalectomy and glucocorticoid therapy on enzyme activities inmammary and adipose tissues from lactating rats.
qualitative and quantitative changes in carbohydrates during the manufacture ofyogurt.
b-complex vitamins in cultured and acidified yogurt.
microorganisms and characteristics of laban.
a mechanism for tobacco smoke-induced allergy.
letter  Temperature and pH dependence of the tetramer-dimer equilibrium ofcarbomonoxyhemoglobin A0.
regulation of the antibody response to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide
v.Ontogeny of factors influencing the magnitude of the plaque-forming cellresponse.
the role of the capsular polysaccharide in the activation of the alternativepathway by the pneumococcus.
the effects of age on the immune response to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide SIII  and bacterial lipopolysaccharide  LPS  in BALB/c
sJL/J
and C3H mice.
production of IgG antibodies and enhanced response of nude mice toDNP-AE-dextran.
lymphoid cell fractionation by aggregated immunoglobulin-agarose columns.
medical assistants.
Symposium on chronic respiratory failure
2  Clinical study on elevation of pH  alkalemia  in chronic respiratory failure
especially chronic hypercapnia author's transl  .
rheological studies of Hb SS blood  influence of hematocrit
hypertonicity,separation of cells
deoxygenation
and mixture with normal cells.
detection of pneumococcal polysaccharide in the sputum of patients withpneumococcal pneumonia by counterimmunoelectrophoresis.
the myofilament lattice  studies on isolated fibers
iV
lattice equilibria instriated muscle.
the identification and subcellular localization of thrombosthenin "M"
themyosin-like component of pig platelets.
ultrastructural studies on the phagocytosis of the cultured mouse macrophages andthe effects of cytochalasin B
colchicine and pH conditions on their morphology.
control of mouth opening and pharynx protrusion during feeding in the sea anemoneCalliactis parasitica.
blood oxygen transport and metabolism of the confined lugworm Arenicola marina L. .
multiple sedimenting species of properdin in human serum and interaction ofpurified properdin with the third component of complement.
Cathepsin
phosphoprotein-phosphatase and acid phosphatase in the solublefraction of the cattle brain cortex  purification and properties  author'stransl  .
polydipsia
hyponatremia
and seizures in psychotic patients.
isolation from bovine brain of a fraction containing capillaries and a fractioncontaining membrane fragments of the choroid plexus.
ionic mechanism of 5-hydroxytryptamine induced hyperpolarization and inhibitoryjunctional potential in body wall muscle cells of Hirudo medicinalis.
cerebrospinal fluid lactate and lactate/pyruvate ratios in hydrocephalus.
effects of hyperventilation
cO2
and CSF pressure on internal carotid blood flowin the baboon.
the effect of dietary vanadium on fatty acid and cholesterol synthesis andturnover in the chick.
changes of pH-values during storage of fetal blood samples.
The different stages leading to the Convention for the European Pharmacopoeia author's transl  .
Comments on the monographies of drugs of botanical origin of the EuropeanPharmacopoeia  Volume I and II   author's transl  .
inhibition of drug-induced anorexia in rats by methysergide.
cerebral monoamine metabolism in guinea-pigs with ascorbic acid deficiency.
the effect of an aldosterone antagonist on the protective action of carbenoxoloneon the gastric mucosal barrier.
the quantification of kanamycin ototoxicity in the rat using conditioned tonediscrimination.
the bioavailability in man of ICRF-159 a new oral antineoplastic agent.
cornea preparation for in vitro bio-pharmaceutical evaluation of ophthalmicdosage forms.
a study of the human metabolism of secbutobarbitone.
the identification and analysis of the metabolic products of mephentermine.
a rapid g.l.c
procedure for the determination of codeine and norcodeine inbiological fluids based on micro-phase extraction techniques.
brain dopamine and jumping behaviour in mice.
the 6-hydroxydopamine rotational model for the detection of dopamine agonistactivity  reliability of effect from different locations of 6-hydroxydopamine.
effect of catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors on brain apomorphineconcentrations and stereotyped behaviour in the rat.
failure of depletion of rat brain 5-hydroxytryptamine to alterfenfluramine-induced anorexia.
influence of the adrenals and gonads on the plasma kininogen concentrations inmale and female rats.
placental transfer of carbamazepine in the rat.
effects of several catecholamine-derived tetrahydroisoquinolines on thehypogastric nerve-vas deferens preparation of the rat.
the absorption of benorylate from everted sacs of rat intestinal.
the effect of ticarcillin on the haemostatic mechanism.
interference by mepacrine with the storage of 5-hydroxytryptamine in bloodplatelets.
gas-chromatographic separation of chlorpromazine
diazepam andN-desmethyldiazepam.
identification of diastereomeric propranolol-O-glucuronides by gaschromatography-mass spectrometry.
a procedure for the micro-phase extraction of lipophilic drugs from biologicalfluids with low-density organic solvents.
mass spectrometric identification of a new metabolite of pethidine.
proceedings  Effect of moisture content on the physical properties of a starchgranulation.
proceedings  A study of drug release from solutions containing surfactants inmicellar concentrations.
proceedings  The chemical stability of polyvinyl alcohol.
proceedings  The structure of the continuous phases in creams stabilised bycetrimide and cetostearyl alcohol.
proceedings  Cationic inhibition of pepsin with polysines.
proceedings  The effects of amantadine
tranylcypromine
amphetamine and tyramineon the response of the rat anococcygeus muscle after bretylium.
proceedings  The effects of buprenorphine
morphine and pentazocine on turningbehaviour and stereotypy induced by apomorphine in the rat.
proceedings  Methylamphetamine withdrawal as a model for the depressive state antagonism of post-amphetamine depression by imipramine.
proceedings  The use of conditioned tone discrimination to study kanamycinototoxicity in the rat.
proceedings  Potential tolerance to beclamide and related drug interactions.
proceedings  Duration of aspirin's effect on human platelet aggregation.
proceedings  The effect of binder concentration and massing time on thedistribution of borax throughout a batch of granules.
proceedings  Anti-inflammatory properties of dapsone.
proceedings  The influence of pH on the viability of staphylococcus aureus in thepresence of methyl5p-hydroxybenzoate.
proceedings  Effect of nutrient limitation on sporulation of Bacillusstearothermophillus.
proceedings  Interactions of chlorinated phenols with bacterialphosphatidylethonalamine monolayers in relation to antibacterial action.
proceedings  The antimicrobial efficiencies of contact lens solutions.
proceedings  Reversible uptake of preservatives by soft contact lenses.
proceedings  The interaction of preservatives with polyHEMA.
proceedings  The preservative content of contact lens solutions on storage.
proceedings  Derivatisation to stabilise some aliphatic primary hydroxylaminesfor G.L.C
analysis.
proceedings  Ortho-effects in structure-activity studies; correlation of pievalues of o- and p-substituents in acetanilide.
proceedings  A torque arm mixer for studying wet massing.
proceedings  Steric enhancement of resonance  an explanation of the anomalouslyhigh partition coefficients of some phenoxyacetic acids.
proceedings  Factors affecting oxidation of aliphatic hydroxylamines in aqueoussolutions.
proceedings  Determination of thioamides in pharmaceutical formulations byargentimetric potentiometric titration with alcoholic silver nitrate solution.
proceedings  Fluorimetric determination of tetracyclines - the use of metal ioncomplexation to increase assay sensitivity.
proceedings  The quantitative determination of phenformin in blood.
proceedings  The non-selectivity of some pharmacopoeial assays of digoxininjections.
proceedings  Studies of experimental chronic renal failure I
increasedpermeability of the rat's blood-brain barrier to phenglutarimide hydrochloride.
proceedings  Some pharmacological studies on uraemia.
proceedings  Clonazepam-induced changes in 5-hydroxytryptamine  5-HT  metabolism in aminals and man.
proceedings  Variations in the concentrations of monamines and their metabolites in eight regions of rat brain during the oestrous cycle  a basis for interactionsbetween hormones and psychotropic drugs.
proceedings  Hardness distributions over tablet faces with different curvatures.
proceedings  A possible interaction between the 24H rhythms in catecholamine and 5-hydroxytryptamine concentration in the rat brain.
proceedings  In vitro metabolism of metoclopramide.
proceedings  Inhibition of tryptic activity by a gastric peptide.
proceedings  R-Factor conferred ability to mutate to trimethoprim resistance.
proceedings  Inducible tetracycline resistance in R+ and R- strains of Proteusmirabilis.
proceedings  R-Factor replication in an E
coli host with defective polymerase I.
proceedings  Optimal labelling of DNA in thymineless Escherichia coli.
proceedings  Bacterial degradation of calcium benzamidosalicylate.
proceedings  Bacterial degradation of salicylamide.
proceedings  The influence of compaction pressure on the mechanical strength and strength variability of tablets.
proceedings  Structure and potency of some 'Tinya" toxins.
proceedings  Preliminary investigations on the mode of action of the cocarcinogenA1 using bacteria.
proceedings  Physical characterisation of "amorphous" digoxin samples.
proceedings  The effect of compressional force on some properties of tabletscontaining microcrystalline cellulose.
proceedings  A surface area generation test apparatus for compressed tablets.
proceedings  Polyvinylpyrrolidones and their influence on the dissolution ratesof compounds of varying aqueous solubilities.
proceedings  In situ fusion and granulation of a chlorpromaide-urea solidsolution for compressed tablets.
proceedings  Some factors affecting dissolution of nitrofurantoin tablets.
proceedings  An investigation into the co-precipitation of nystatin withpolyvinylpyrrolidone  PVP .
proceedings  A nystatin-acid solid state interaction study.
proceedings  A comparison of the properties of film coatings prepared from water-and organic solvent-based solutions.
proceedings  In vitro metabolic studies using the metabonates of amphetamine,2-nitroso-1-phenylpropane and benzyl methyl ketoxime.
proceedings  The effects of some bis-quaternary ammonium compounds on cholineacetyltransferase
cholinesterase and the cholinergic receptor.
proceedings  Actions of chandonium iodide on skeletal muscle in culture.
proceedings  The effects of some analogues of hemicholinium at the neuromuscular junction.
proceedings  The synthesis of some piperidinol compounds as potential inhibitors of cholinergic transmission.
proceedings  An investigation of the rat in situ absorption model using practololand propranolol.
proceedings  Further studies on the correlation between biological activity andsolubility of some carminatives.
proceedings  The influence of nitrogen
chain and ring substitution on somephysico-organic properties and on buccal absorption of amphetamines.
proceedings  The effect of plasticizer level on benzocaine-PVC interactions.
proceedings  Incompatibility of non-ionic surfactants with phenols in relation tobinding constants and cloud points.
proceedings  Some properties of films of polyalkalkylcyanoacrylates formed atoil-water interfaces.
proceedings  Transport of anions in aqueous polymer solutions.
proceedings  A critical analysis of the "flip-flop" phenomenon in the twocompartment pharmacokinetic model.
proceedings  The effect of bile salts on the absorption of quinalbarbitone ingoldfish.
proceedings  Transport of drugs across the goldfish gill membrane  the influence of dimethyl sulphoxide and pH.
proceedings  Influence of a mucin model system upon the bioavailability ofphenylbutazone and warfarin sodium from the small intestine.
proceedings  Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationships for topical steroidsin the vasoconstrictor test.
proceedings  The effect of molecular weight on the rheological properties of acidand alkaline processed gelatin gels.
proceedings  The effect of dye-gelatin interactions on the mechanical properties of thin gelatin films.
proceedings  The interaction of formulation factors and dissolution fluid and thein vitro release of drug from hard gelatin capsules.
proceedings  The influence of formulation variables on the in vitro release ofdrug from hard gelatin capsules.
proceedings  Permeation of benzocaine through nylon membranes.
proceedings  Evaluation of a small scale fluidized bed granulation unit.
proceedings  The tensile strength of tablets of mixed components.
proceedings  Formulation study on oxytetracycline dihydrate.
proceedings  Effect of solutes on the drying rates of single small granularmasses in air and in a vaccum.
proceedings  Alkaloids of Meconopsis cambrica.
proceedings  A new tropane heterodiester from Erythroxylum monogynum Roxb.
proceedings  Alkaloid biosynthesis and gamma-coniceine reductase in Coniummaculatum L.
proceedings  Alkaloids of the F1 hybrid of Datura stramonium x D
discolor.
proceedings  Nicotine-1'-N-oxide from species of Nicotiana.
proceedings  Chemical changes in cinnamon oil during its preparation.
proceedings  The influence of some polyoxyethylene-polyoxypropylene polymers onthe in vitro availability of salicylic acid.
proceedings  Cannabinoid pattern in Cannabis sativa L
seedlings as an indicationof chemical race.
proceedings The structure of cascarosides A and B.
plasma sodium concentration and sodium excretion in the anaesthetized dog.
proceedings  Suppression of histamine leucocytosis by metiamide.
proceedings  Action of neurotransmitter substances on parotid amylase secretion.
the behavioural treatment of sexual inadequacy.
Proceedings  Angiographic aspects of periarteritis nodosa in abdominallocations .
cellular deformability of the human peripheral blood polymorphonuclear leukocyte method of study
normal variation and effects of physical and chemicalalterations.
synthesis of angiotensin II antagonists containing N- and O-methylated and other amino acid residues.
synthesis and enzymic activity of some novel xanthine oxidase inhibitors.3-Substituted 5,7-dihydroxypyrazolo 1,5-alpha pyrimidines.
immobilized glucuronosyltransferase for the synthesis of conjugates.
the limits of informed consent.
calcium-potassium-stimulated net potassium efflux from human erythrocyte ghosts.
analog circuit of the Acetabularia membrane.
nigericin-induced charge transfer across membranes.
the determination of stability constants from small-angle x-ray scattering dataand the analysis of pH-dependent macromolecular equilibria.
subunit composition
x-ray diffraction
amino acid analysis and oxygen bindingbehaviour of Panulirus interruptus hemocyanin.
reactions of aminomalononitrile with electrophiles.
Proceedings  Glutamine synthetase and glutamine gamma-glutamyl transferase inhuman
canine
and rat kidneys .
letter  Galactorrhea and antipsychotic agents.
myocardial revascularization
a 14-year overview of the Cleveland Clinicexperience.
takayasu's disease--a case report.
the problem of undescended testes.
Fever
memory disturbances
eosinophilia
proteinuria and incomplete hemiplegia of the right side  nodular polyarteritis .
Pain of the frontal region
loss of appetite and weight loss  with progressiverenal dysfunction   polyarteritis nodosa .
Intermittent fever
fluctuating systemic arthralgia and myalgia  withnon-symmetrical dysesthesia of the extremities and hypertension   polyarteritisnodosa and stomach cancer .
Arthralgia and respiratory insufficiency  with A-V block   polyarteritis nodosa and malignant rheumatoid arthritis .
Immunology of malignant rheumatoid arthritis and periateritis nodosa  1  .
Study on gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity in urine
i
determination ofgamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity in urine and normal values of urinarygamma-glutamyl transpeptidase  author's transl  .
Opening new horizons - report on the ICN Planning Committee meeting .
Wultiple abnormalities in a 6-year-old boy .
Diagnosis and therapy of primary defects of immunity  author's transl  .
Periarteritis nodosa complicated by perirenal hematoma .
Effect of the chronic action of small doses of ionizing radiation of theexcretion of gaseous metabolic products in albino rats .
Effect of hyperoxia and hypokinesia on the formation and excretion of gaseousmetabolic products in rats .
Sorption method of water regeneration for cosmonaut personal hygiene .
Determination of the adhesive properties of food products .
Effect of a magnetic field on Escherichia coli .
Urine conservation by surface-active agents .
plasma glucose in miniature swine infused with ethanol and fructose.
dietary caffeine and alcohol consumption by rats.
effect of taurine on ethanol-induced sleeping time in mice.
blood alcohol level discrimination by nonalcoholics
the role of internal andexternal cues.
alcohol and backward masking of visual information.
recovery of verbal short-term memory in alcoholics.
group therapy and changes in the self-concept of alcoholics.
alcoholism
hopelessness and suicidal behavior.
an application of anomy theory to the study of alcoholism.
drinking behavior in laboratory and barroom settings.
effect of role empathy on human figures drawn by women alcoholics.
the Cornell Medical Index as an adjunct to paraprofessional evaluation of alcoholaddiction.
surgical management of severe aortic coarctation and interrupted aortic arch inneonates.
pharmacological analysis of the adrenergic control of the cerebral circulation.
Bactericidal activity in vitro of lysosomal proteins from human granulocytes
i.Effect of reaction time
pH
temperature and protein dose on lysosomalbactericidal activity .
Diagnosis
prognosis and surgical treatment of stomach and duodenal ulcers .
Prevention and early diagnosis of heart and coronary diseases .
Life expectancy after pacemaker treatment .
Diagnosis and prognosis of pulmonary hypertension .
ornithine decarboxylase activity and DNA synthesis in Morris hepatomas 5123-C and7800.
purification of tyrosine hydroxylase from pheochromocytoma tumors.
5-Hydroxytryptamine binding to synaptic membranes from rat brain.
cysteine sulfinate carboxylase in the visual pathway of adult chicken.
differential sensitivity of intestinal brush border enzymes to pancreatic andlysosomal proteases.
cholesterol and fatty acid synthesis in swine.
Cardiovascular effects of neuroleptic and antidepressive drugs
preliminarycommunication .
insulin receptors of skeletal muscle  specific insulin binding sites anddemonstration of decreased numbers of sites in obese rats.
the role of potassium in the control of ammonium excretion during starvation.
lactic acidosis  an experimental model.
are the pial arterial responses dependent on the direct effect of intravascularpressure and extravascular and intravascular PO2
pCO2
and pH?
oxygen saturation determination in frozen blood.
Effect of the nitrogen source in the medium on the activity of glutaminesynthetase in Candida tropicalis and on the kinetics of the enzymatic reaction ofglutamine synthesis .
Effect of cultivation conditions on cell composition of Pseudomonasmethanolica .
Production of glycolic acid by the cells of Chlorella pyrenoidosa .
Interrelationship between the intestinal microflora of lackey moth
brown-tailmoth and the entomopathogenic bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis .
Photoinduced reduction of NAD P  in the cells of green sulfur bacteria .
Production of lecithinase by Bacillus thuringiensis .
Effect of certain physicochemical factors on the infectivity of cyanophages A-1,LPP-1A and LPP-3 .
Comparative characteristics of formation and properties of catalases and glucoseoxidase in certain species of fungi from the genus Penicillium .
Pigment biosynthesis by klebsiella depending on the medium composition andculturing conditions .
Suitability of various nutrient media for obtaining staphylococcalenterotoxins .
Physicochemical and antigenic properties of the Erwinia carotovorabacteriophages .
Various properties of lytic enzymes of LPP-1A cyanophage .
antibiotic sensitivity pattern of pneumococci relatively insensitive topenicillin and cephalosporin antibiotics.
Effectiveness of gambusia in the control of Culicini mosquito larvae .
Role of river transport in importation of mosquitoes to Termez port .
Pseudomonas fluorescens bacteria as pathogens of mosquito larvae .
Fauna of mosquitoes  Diptera
culicidae  of northwestern Iran .
restriction and modification in B
subtilis
purification and general properties of a restriction endonuclease from strain R.
myo-inositol oxygenase from oat seedlings.
the uptake and extrusion of monovalent cations by isolated heart mitochondria.
Acid-alkaline equilibrium of the ferri-leg-hemoglobin of the lupine  Lupinusluteus L.  Spectral studies .
Kinetic characteristics of DNA alkylation with some chloroethylmethylarylamines and elimination of alkylated bases from DNA .
Isolation and properties of polyphosphatase of Neurospora crassa .
Isolation of rat liver chromatin non-histone protein .
pH-dependence of the mechanism of pepsin action .
immediate hypersensitivity in the guinea pig conjunctiva
iI
effect of treatmentwith antihistamines
steroids and disodium cromoglycate.
Possibilities and results of shortened hospital treatment in pediatric surgery author's transl  .
The diagnostic significance of immunoglobulin determination in chronic liverdiseases
iI
relationships between immunoglobulin changes and degree of activity author's transl  .
caffeine enhancement of digestion of DNA by nuclease S1.
enzyme induction  first of three parts .
letter  Facial dyskinesia related to antihistamine?
cimetidine suppression of nocturnal gastric secretion in active duodenal ulcer.
letter  Stability of aspirin in combination with propoxyphene hydrochloride andpropoxyphene napsylate.
Interaction of yeasts with tannins
iI
study of various yeasts hydrolysingtannic acid in tannin culture media .
differential inhibition of sclerotial germination in Whetzelinia sclerotiorum.
active proton transport stimulated by CO2/HCO3-
blocked by cyanide.
fish kill at low pH in a Norwegian river.
restoration of sensitivity of cultured hepatoma cells to cyclic nucleotides showspermissive effect of dexamethasone.
homology of myosin DTNB light chain with alkali light chains
troponin C andparvalbumin.
Biophysical primary processes in photosynthetic membranes
data withpulse-spectroscopical methods .
Microelectrodes for measuring ionic activities in biological tissues .
Free steroids in Metridium senile .
Letter  Treatment of cryptorchism .
Objectionable conservatism or sensible policy in pharmacotherapy? .
An unusual symptom complex as a side effect of glafenine  Glifanan  .
Possibilities and limitations of uterine contraction inhibiting agents .
Letter  Treatment of cryptorchism .
Glaphenine and nephrotoxicity .
The fatty acid composition of the brain and their biosynthesis  review of thecurrent literature  .
The anxiolytic effect of small cumulative doses of oxypertin in rats during the anxiety test and their possible neurochemical correlates in the hypothalamus and striatum .
The extrapyramidal symptoms in the combination of lithium long-term lithiumtherapy with nortriptyline
a case report on the formation of a pathogenesishypothesis .
Encephalitis  author's transl  .
mechanism of action of anticonvulsants
role of the differential effects on theactive uptake of putative neurotransmitters.
studies of maternal plasma prolactin and amniotic fluid prolactin
effects ofchlorpromazine and prostaglandin F2alpha.
Gamma glutamyl transpeptidase level in liver and biliary tract diseases .
Gonadotropin induced steriodogenesis in prepubertal boys  author's transl  .
cobalamins in fibroblasts cultured from normal control subjects and patients withmethylmalonic aciduria.
intrauterine torsion of an intra-abdominal testis.
issues in treatment efficacy research with alcoholics.
semantic desensitization  language conditioning or demand characteristicsmanipulation?
uric acid and the kidney.
Polyarteritis nodosa  general aspects and occurrence in domestic animals,particularly in association with nosematosis in blue foxex  author's transl  .
Caesarean section in sows anesthetized with Azaperone and Metomidate  author'stransl  .
Letter  Relative pH of the cervical mucus and sperm in sterility .
Anti-hypertensive action of tenormine in the genetically hypertensive rat .
formation and in-vivo-distribution of different 99mTc-Sn-pyrophosphate complexes.
Animal phospholipases  author's transl  .
Recent advances in hypertension therapy  author's transl  .
Double-blind clinical study of rohypnol  author's transl  .
Rare inborn errors of lysosomal metabolism
implications for pediatric research  author's transl  .
Treatment of migraine  author's transl  .
separation of  3'  deoxynucleotides with cation exchange columns.
interactions between anticonvulsants.
the Ferrier Lecture
1974
body temperature and fever  changes in our viewsduring the last decade.
the nucleolus at prophase of meiosis in three plants  an ultrastructural study.
isoenzymes of soluble and membrane-bound acetylcholinesterase in boine splanchnicnerve and adrenal medulla.
release of acetylcholinesterase into the perfusate from the ox adrenal gland.
a possible structural basis for the extracellular release ofacetylcholinesterase.
the neuroendocrine control of gonadotrophin release in the Japanese quail
i
therole of the tuberal hypothalamus.
the neuroendocrine control of gonadotrophin release in the Japanese quail
iI.The role of the anterior hypothalamus.
the Croonian Lecture
1975
nucleotide sequences in DNA.
interplexiform cells of the mammalian retina and their comparison withcatecholamine-containing retinal cells.
melanoid tapeta lucida in teleost fishes.
genotype--environment interaction
iII
interactions in Drosophila melanogaster.
lung function of healthy young men in India  contributory roles of genetic andenvironmental factors.
a case of polydactyly with multiple thresholds in the mouse.
renin and hemodynamic changes via central adrenergic
cholinergic
and sodiumreceptor mechanisms in conscious rats.
hepatic sodium-potassium exchange induced by adrenomimetic amines.
canine cardiac lymph potassium
pH and flow after experimental myocardialinfarction.
regulation of proinsulin synthesis in isolated rat islets.
myocardial substrate utilization in anaphylactic shock.
the influence of drug-induced alterations in the pressor-inotropic state on left ventricular dynamics.
the effects of salicylic acid on metabolism and potassium ion content in yeast.
the size pH
and redox potential of the cecum in mice associated with variousmicrobial floras.
plasma prolactin levels in maturing intact and cryptorchid male rats  developmentof stress response.
synthesis of 5-substituted isophthalic acids and competitive inhibition studieswith bovine liver glutamate dehydrogenase.
dehydrogenation of reduced pyridine nucleotides by Leydig cell tumors of the rat testis.
the intrinsic
association and commissural connections of area 17 on the visualcortex.
Comparative study of the nonspecific pharmacodynamics of some neuroleptics andminor tranquilizers during long-term treatment on the reactivity of the genitaltract .
stress-induced response of mouse liver tyrosine aminotransferase afterirradiation.
the cross-groin flap for coverage of foot and ankle defects in children
casereports.
theoretical models and the treatment of the schizophrenias;.
Effects of antianxiety drugs on the food intake in trained and untrained ratsand mice  author's transl  .
lSD as an agonist at mesolimbic dopamine receptors.
effects of various inhibitors of tyrosine hydroxylase and dopaminebeta-hydroxylase on rat self-stimulation after reserpine treatment.
the mechanism of the mutagenic action of hydroxylamines.
diethyl pyrocarbonate in nucleic acid research.
bisulfite modification of nucleic acids and their constituents.
Endonucleases from plants  author's transl  .
immunologic phagocytosis by macrophages  effect by stimulation of alphaadrenergic receptors.
Value of the indications of antibiograms in the treatment of suppuratedsinusitis .
Panarteritis nodosa associated with positive Australia antigen findings .
Ammoniuria and its relation to hydroionic factors and to the precoma situationin liver cirrhosis  the kidney as an excretory organ of ammonia .
Comparative study of X lipoprotein and gamma glutamyl transpeptidase incholestasis and in hepatic tumors .
Uric acid as electronic acceptor of chicken liver's XDH  author's transl  .
studies on the anoxic inhibition of myocardial protein synthesis.
phosphatidate phosphohydrolase and palmitoyl coenzyme A hydrolase in cardiacsubcellular fractions.
force development of isoproterenol-damaged frog heart muscle in cyanide anoxia.
the role of H+ in temporary hypoxic contractility failure  different effects ofpH on the force decay and on the force recovery after reoxygenation.
effect of variations in pH on kinetics of myosin.
distribution of prostaglandin E 9-ketoreductase and NAD+-dependent andNADP+-dependent 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase in the renal cortex andmedulla of various species.
normal blood-gas values in lambs during neonatal development and in adult sheep.
Cerebrospinal fluid
factor in the central regulation of respiration .
Examination of CSF  the probenecid test
its value and limits in the explorationof cerebral monoamines in man .
The clinical importance of angiography in the diagnosis of periarteritisnodosa .
Use of beta blockaders in the treatment of arterial hypertension .
pH and the cytotoxicity of fluoride in an animal cell culture system.
dysplasia of the testis and epididymis.
Lipoprotein X in hepatobiliary diseases .
Proceedings  Home treatment of chronic respiratory insufficiency  inhalation of beta stimulators .
Proceedings  Long-term therapy with antibiotics in chronic bronchitis .
Isolation
identification and quantitative determination of lysolecithin in the human gastric juice .
Prinzmetal angina  clinical aspects and coronarographic findings .
Forms of so-called crytorchism
studies on 579 patients .
Sugar-free
tooth-protecting chewing gum and candy
results of a 7-year study .
dopamine receptors in the brain.
ecological effect of control of African trypanosomiasis.
Churg-Strauss syndrome
its nosological place
apropos of a new case diagnosedbefore death .
Periarteritis nodosa and cancer
apropos of 2 cases .
Nikolaev medics--active participants in the antifascist "Nikolaev Center"underground organization .
Analgesia in a surgical department .
nonsurgical control of massive acute gastric mucosal hemorrhage with antacidneutralization of gastric content.
the evaluation of objective measurements of gastroesophageal reflux and theircontribution to patient management.
mechanisms of antitumor effects of amphotericin B.
importance of alkalosis in maintenance of "ideal" blood pH during hypothermia.
twenty-four-hour lower esophageal pH monitoring and the lower esophagealsphincter.
response of secreting and nonsecreting gastric mucosa to H+ back-diffusion.
role of proximal duodenal mucosa in overall provisions for acid disposal in theupper gastrointestinal tract.
toxic effects of halogenated anesthetics on human hepatocytes.
inhibition of brain mitochondrial function and changes of tissue H+ and K+concentration in hemorrhagic shock.
time-dependent alterations in testicular function after experimentalcryptorchism.
effect of lysyl oxidase inhibition of healing wounds.
studies on the release of plasminogen activator.
effect of total gastrectomy on acid proteolytic zymogens in serum and urine.
Pollen diet as an adjuvans of radiotherapy in gynecologic carcinomas .
Effects of lethal overexposure on gastric secretion in the pig .
a study of the host selection patterns of the mosquitoes of the Kisumu area ofKenya.
room temperature storage of platelets.
the use of pluronic polyols in the precipitation of plasma proteins and itsapplication in the preparation of plasma derivatives.
preparation and storage of platelet concentrates.
the host component of the graft-versus-host reaction
a study on the popliteallymph node reaction in the rat.
arboviruses isolated from mosquitos and man in Surinam.
Polysome ribonucleases of leukemic cells .
Comparative characteristics of catalase from the fungus Penicillium vitale,which is synthesized under different nutritional conditions .
Treatment of severe hypertension with minoxidil combined with beta-blockingagents and diuretics .
fourth European Symposium on Clinical Pharmacological Evaluation in Drug Control.Deidesheim
vesttyskland
11.-14.XI.1975.
Editorial  Hypnotics
sedatives and anxiolytic agents--use and abuse .
Tooth injuries in connection with general anesthesia
a review over an 11 yearperiod .
Debrisoquin as a part of combined antihypertensive therapy .
Symposium on the adverse effects of drugs
october 30-31
1975
sigtuna .
Determination of food-stimulated acid secretion by intragastric titration .
Letter  Anxiolytics and responsibility
comments to a leader .
Letter  Hypnotics
anxiolytics and sedatives--use and misuse .
suprapubic paramedian laparotomy for equine abdominal cryptorchidism.
Bacteriological and physicochemical studies of the meat from poultry with acute Marek's disease .
Modern methods of studying stomach secretion .
Dynamics of the blood acid-base equilibrium in submariners .
Physico-chemical characteristics of sapropels of the lakes of the GreatTaras-Kul' and Akhmanka in the process of preservation .
Age-related properties of inductive synthesis of glucose-6-phosphatase,fructose-1,6-diphosphatase
tyrosine aminotransferase and tryptophan pyrrolase inhypothalamus stimulation .
The function of shuttle systems of liver extramitochondrial hydrogen transportin experimental atherosclerosis .
The effect of lipids from typhoid endotoxin on the activity of some liverenzymes .
The specificity of galactokinase induction in rat liver tissue under the effect of galactose .
Changes in oxidative systems of liver microsomes in rats following a singleadministration of phenobarbital and morphine .
Determination of the transferase activity of L-asparaginase .
Isolation and properties of 2 kallikreins from human saliva .
The correlation between activity of enzymes participating in the formation andutilization of acetyl CoA in rabbit heart mitochondria in myocarditis and normal state .
Purification and properties of myeloperoxidase from mice leukocytes .
Analgesic indicators and bioelectric potentials of the striated muscles afteradministration of sombrevin and intranarcone .
The contribution of drug research to the understanding of schizophrenia .
The pharmacotherapy of masked depression .
Induction of anesthesia with flunitrazepam in emergency surgery .
Therapeutic modification of sleep disorders in geriatric patients by means of a new hypnotic
double-blind and long-term study .
Therapeutic results with the combination preparation Phenrytmat in cardiology .
Prognostic significance in acute viral encephalitis of EEG findings duringintellectual and academic performance .
Aspects of conservative and surgical treatment of maldescensus testis .
Value and limitations of electrophoresis in the diagnosis of nasal liquorrhea .
Nickel allergy  removal of the allergen by means of cation exchangers .
New values for the molar extinction coefficients of NADH and NADPH for the usein routine laboratories  author's transl  .
The metabolism of delta4-3-oxosteroids in rat liver .
An improved trihydroxyindole method for the determination of urinarycatecholamines .
Proceedings  Protein structure in microsomal electron transport chain .
Proceedings  Testosterone metabolism in liver microsomes .
proceedings  Isolated liver cells  a valuable tool for the study of drugmetabolism.
proceedings  Monooxygenase activity and nicotinamide nucleotide systems inperfused rat liver.
Biochemical investigations of cancer cachexia
iI
depletion of glycogenolysisand stimulation of gluconeogenesis in Walker carcinoma 256 bearing rats  author'stransl  .
oxidative decarboxylation of para-hydroxybenzoic acids by peroxidases under invivo and in vitro conditions.
the regulation of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in chloroplasts.
antagonistic relationships between electron transport and P700 in chloroplastsand intact algae.
energy-linked pyridine nucleotide transhydrogenase activity in photosyntheticallygrown Rhodopseudomonas palustris.
characterization of different deoxyribonucleases in human lymphocytes.
studies on fragments of rod outer segments from bovine retinas.
the ionization and optical properties of oxoformycin.
Transfer of various organizational structures in the free reproduction of wordlists .
Psycholinguistic examination of syntactic transformation processes .
Structure validation of the variation motivation questionnaire  VMQ  .
Mathematical treatment of rank correlation--a comparison of Spearman's andKendall's coefficients .
Cyclic nucleotides as intracellular transmitters of hormone action .
Distribution and supplies of blue teasel and Dzhungar scabious in the canions ofthe Kirghiz Ala-Too mountains .
Effect of high-protein diet on the course of eczema in young children .
Allergy to household dust and its detection in children with bronchial asthma .
Resection of the basal segment of the lung in bronchiectasis with preservationof the apical portion of the lower lobe .
Morbidity among young children in the high-altitude Alaĭ region of Kirghizia .
Immunomorphological and histoenzymological analysis of adrenaline-inducedmyocardial necrosis  experimental study  .
Influenza and acute respiratory diseases of non-influenza etiology .
Biological properties of meningococci isolated from the carriers .
Diagnosis and treatment of pyelonephritis in children  literature survey  .
Treatment of acute potassium permanganate poisoning children .
History of the study of the effect of tropical climate of soldiers duringmilitary expeditions in Russia .
Generalized varicose phlebectasia of the subcutaneous veins after severeelectric injury .
Clinico-functional characteristics of decompensated mitral valve defect underconditions of high altitude .
Findings of subpartal monitoring
status of the newborn infant and evaluation ofcardiotocographic findings .
Influence of low molecular dextran on the acid-base balance in mother andfetus .
Acetylcholinesterase from the electric organ of the ray Torpedo marmorata .
Electronmicroscopic study of the gravity receptors in ctenophores .
Acetyl-CoA-synthetase activity of pigmented staphylococci .
isolation and properties of tRNA nucleotidyltransferase from wheat embryos.
non-specific acetyl-CoA carboxylase and methylmalonyl-CoA carboxyltransferase in Streptomyces noursei var
polifungini.
dynamic release of gastrin and histamine during chronic ulcer disease.
preoperative treatment of thyrotoxicosis with a beta-adrenergic blocking agent.
reduction of 3-oxosteroids in human liver microsomes.
the fractional post-coital test performed in a square capillary tube.
i-cell disease  mucolipidosis II  a report on its pathology.
histochemical and morphological changes in human muscle spindle in upper andlower motor neuron lesions.
Effect of an anxiolytic agent in hay fever .
a case of methylmalonic and propionic acidemia due to methulmalonyl-CoAcarbonylmutase apoenzyme deficiency.
enzyme histochemical studies of rabbit bile ducts with and without bile flow.
survival of anaerobic bacteria during transportation
1
experimentalinvestigations on the effect of evacuation of atmospheric air by flushing withcarbon dioxide and nitrogen.
the spread of the action potential through the T-system in hagfish twitch muscle fibres.
withdrawal psychosis  a study of 30 consecutive cases.
nephroangiography in Wegener's granulumatosis
a comparison with panarteritisnodosa.
the effect of metoprolol --a new selective adrenergic beta1-receptor blockingagent-- in mild hypertension.
comparison between metoprolol and propranolol as antihypertensive agents
adouble-blind cross-over study.
effects of metabolic and pharmacologic interventions on myocardial infarct sizefollowing coronary occlusion.
factors of importance for the degree of ischemic injury in the isolated ratheart.
the effect of beta-blockade on ST segment elevation after acute myocardialinfarction in man with some experimental observations.
double-blind study of the effect of cardioselective beta-blockade on chest painin acute myocardial infarction.
some trends of the natural defense against the cardiac anoxia.
effects of acidosis on myocardial contractility and metabolism.
Sensitivity of avian leukosis  erythroblastosis  strain E-26 to ether,chloroform and different pH values .
multiple endocrine adenomatosis syndromes.
erythrocytosis associated with normal blood-gas values.
recent advances in abdominal angiography.
prognosis and therapy of complex partial seizures with barbiturates
hydantoins
and other drugs.
the pharmacokinetic basis of therapeutics with special reference to drugs used inneurology.
the role of the neurotransmitters in the epilepsies.
folic acid absorption in regional enteritis.
acid
neutral
and alkaline hydrolases in arthritic synovium.
aDA Specialty Practice Conference.
effects of acute metabolic acidosis on parathyroid hormone action and calciummobilization.
metabolism of histamine in secreting and isolated canine stomach.
intracellular bicarbonate of skeletal muscle under different metabolic states.
effect of acid lumen pH on potassium transport in renal cortical collectingtubules.
reflex sympathetic tachycardia during intravenous infusions in chronic spinalcats.
sudden potential drop in bullfrog gastric mucosa.
cancer of the undescended or maldescended testis.
effect of sodium fluoride in acid solution on dissolution of powdered humanenamel.
Symptomatic treatment of allergic rhinitis in children .
use of protease inhibitor  trasylol  and heparin in cardiorespiratoryresuscitation
iI
gasometric investigations of arterial blood.
a rapid method for seperation and identification of several hexuronic acids andhexuronic acid-containing oligosaccharides.
a simple and efficient method for the preparation of GDP-fucose.
a new principle for activity measurement of ADP or ATP dependent enzymes fluorescence quenching of epsilon-ADP and epsilon-ATP by divalent metal ions.
a fluorometric method for the kinetic assay of indole-3-acetic acid oxidase.
quantitative removal of carrier ampholytes from protein fractions derived fromisoelectric focusing.
Automatic fluorimetic determinations of metanephrine and normetanephrine,comparing different methods of oxidation .
porcine malignant hyperthermia induced by halothane and succinylcholine  failure of treatment with procaine or procainamide.
h2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcer.
Comparative study of neuraminidases from "Diplococcus pneumoniae" and"Clostridium perfringens" .
Carbohydrate containing media for the detection of urease in "Klebsiella" .
Ferrous ion oxidation and uranium solubilization from a lowgrade ore by"Thiobacillus ferrooxidans"  author's transl  .
institutions and science public policy.
ethanol and galactose metabolism as influenced by 4-methylpyrazole in alcoholics with and without nutritional deficiencies
preliminary report of a new approachto pathogenesis and treatment in alcoholic liver disease.
fat metabolism in higher plants
the function of acyl thioesterases in themetabolism of acyl-coenzymes A and acyl-acyl carrier proteins.
purification and properties of S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine hydrolase from leaves ofspinach beet.
the relationship of alpha-L-iduronidase and Hurler corrective factor.
acid phosphatase of HeLa cells  properties and regulation of lysosomal activityby serum.
enzymes of cyclic nucleotide metabolism in invertebrate and vertebrate sperm.
poly adenosine diphosphate ribose  glycohydrolase in Physarum polycephalum.
guanylate cyclase of sea urchin sperm  subcellular localization.
role of NADPH in the regulation of NADP-specific isocitrate dehydrogenase frompig heart.
reaction of tryptophan
tryptamines
and some related indoles with fluorescamine unique fluorescence in strong acid.
Adrenergic activity in the isolated digestive tract of two species of iguanidae,"Liolaemus gravenhorsti" and "Liolaemus tenuis t."  reptilia-squamata-iguanidae   author's transl  .
a method for the regulation of microbial population density during continuousculture at high growth rates.
pyruvate fermentation in Rhodospirillum rubrum and after transfer from aerobic toanaerobic conditions in the dark.
the influence of foster-home care on psychiatric patients.
sialic acid in thyroglobulin
iI
influence of sialic acid on ionization oftyrosine residues.
prevention of experimental gastric ulcers in rats by dial derivatives.
some properties of human uterine myoma phosphofructokinase.
kawasaki disease
relationship with infantile periarteritis nodosa.
portal hypertension and gastric lesions in the rat.
a comparative study on the irreversible binding of labeled halothanetrichlorofluoromethane
chloroform
and carbon tetrachloride to hepatic proteinand lipids in vitro and in vivo.
comparison of the biological effects in rat of high doses of two4-amino-7-chloroquinoline derivatives  chloroquine and glafenine.
scanning electron microscopy studies in muscular dystrophy.
Osteomyelitis of the accident-injured foot .
The accident-injured foot in occupational life .
The Madura-foot -- differential diagnosis of the injured foot .
Minor foot injuries--long-lasting pains--simple but proven theapy .
Post-traumatic neurologic manifestations on the foot .
interaction of thermostable direct hemolysin of Vibrio parahaemolyticus withhuman erythrocytes.
deoxyribonucleic acid polymerases of Euglena gracilis
purification andproperties of two distinct deoxyribonucleic acid polymerases of high molecularweight.
deoxyribonucleic acid polymerases of Euglena gracilis
primer-templateutilization of and enzyme activities associated with the two deoxyribonucleicacid polymerases of high molecular weight.
purification and properties of 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase from rabbitmammary gland.
protein chromatography on adsorbents with hydrophobic and ionic groups
someproperties of N- 3-carboxypropionyl aminodecyl-sepharose and its interaction withwheat-germ aspartate transcarbamoylase.
the effect of acid proteinase inhibitors on chicken pepsin.
the purification and properties of pig spleen phosphofructokinase.
the effect of disulfiram on the aldehyde dehydrogenases of sheep liver.
a reporter group delivery system with both absolute and selective specificity forthiol groups and an improved fluorescent probe containing the7-nitrobenzo-2-oxa-1,3-diazole moiety.
differential effects of temperature on a membrane adenosine triphosphatase andassociated phosphatase.
the action of chelating agents on human liver aldehyde dehydrogenase.
an improved assay for bacterial methane mono-oxygenase  some properties of theenzyme from Methylomonas methanica.
iron oxidation and transferrin formation by phosvitin.
the substrate specificity of thermomycolase
an extracellular serine proteinasefrom the thermophilic fungus Malbranchea pulchella var
sulfurea.
stimulation of rat liver beta-galactosidase activity by ions.
pig heart lactate dehydrogenase
binding of pyruvate and the interconversion ofpyruvate-containing ternary complexes.
on the native structure of the histone H3-H4 complex.
regulation of pentose phosphate pathway dehydrogenases by NADP+/NADPH ratios.
aTP synthesis by an artificial proton gradient in right-side-out membranevesicles of Escherichia coli.
presence of two subunit types in ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase fromblue-green algae.
cardiac adenylate cyclase
iI
structure-activity relationships for theactivation of rat ventricle adenylate cyclase by beta-adrenoceptor agonists.
actions of phenothiazine analogues on dopamine-sensitive adenylate cyclase inneuronal and glial-enriched fractions from rat brain.
characteristics of tyrosine hydroxylation in isolated nerve endings.
Analytical profile of purified hexetidine  author's transl  .
Ditertiary diamine compounds  author's transl  .
Intracellular pH of cardiac muscle after administration ofpotassium-magnesium-aspartate  author's transl  .
pharmacological properties of 2- 2-chloro-p-toluidino -2-imidazoline-nitrate tolonidine
a new antihypertensive agent
iII
action on the secretions of the digestive tract and on the central nervous system
acute toxicity.
On the influence of a special preparation of oxytetracycline andsodiumbituminosulfonates on amount and composition of skin surface lipids in acnevulgaris  author's transl  .
Influence of ethanol on the in vitro and in vivo drug release from somesustained release tablets  author's transl  .
Effect of bombesin on pancreatic and gastric secretions under differentconditions of acidification of the proventriculus in chickens .
problems of control of breathing in air-breathers and in water-breathers.
editorial  The B.D.A
annual conference.
changes in liver function after different types of surgery.
studies on the energy metabolism in lichen planus.
the lichen planus-like eruption after bone marrow transplantation.
the effect of pH upon human transferrin  selective labelling of the twoiron-binding sites.
the effect of parturition on amniotic fluid lecithin concentration.
the effects of narcotics on fetal acid base status.
on the solution conformation of bradykinin and certain fragments.
the activation of ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase by carbon dioxide andmagnesium ions
equilibria
kinetics
a suggested mechanism
and physiologicalimplications.
manganese  II  and substrate interaction with unadenylylated glutamine synthetase Escherichia coli w
iI
electron paramagnetic resonance and nuclear magneticresonance studies of enzyme-bound manganese II  with substrates and a potentialtransition-state analogue
methionine sulfoximine.
the interaction of borate and sulfite with pyridine nucleotides.
oxidation of corticosteroids to steroidal-21-oic acids by human liver enzyme.
a spectrophotometric and fluorimetric study of alkaline transitions of Euglenacytochrome c 552.
synthetic flavinyl peptides related to the active site of mitochondrial monoamineoxidase II
fluorescence properties.
high molecular weight deoxyribonucleic acid polymerase from crown gall tumorcells of periwinkle  Vinca rosea .
preparation
characterization
and chemical properties of the flavin coenzymeanalogues 5-deazariboflavin
5-deazariboflavin 5'-phosphate
and5-deazariboflavin 5'-diphosphate
5'leads to5'-adenosine ester.
enzyme-catalyzed redox reactions with the flavin analogues 5-deazariboflavin,5-deazariboflavin 5'-phosphte
and 5-deazariboflavin 5'-diphosphate
5' leads to 5'-adenosine ester.
electrofocusing and kinetic studies of adult and embryonic chicken pyruvatekinases.
characterization of a cytochrome P-450 dependent monoterpene hydroxylase from thehigher plant Vinca rosea.
methionine sulfoxide cytochrome c.
a kinetic study of protein-protein interactions.
ionophore A23187  the effect of H+ concentration on complex formation withdivalent and monovalent cations and the demonstration of K+ transport inmitochondria mediated by A23187.
properties of the tetrodotoxin binding component in plasma membranes isolatedfrom Electrophorus electricus.
the arrangement of subunits in cholera toxin.
kinetics of reaction of anions with methemerythrin derivatives.
comparative studies on the structure and aggregative properties of the myosinmolecule
iII
the in vitro aggregative properties of the lobster myosinmolecule.
properties of cholera toxin- and NaF-stimulated adenylate cyclase from mousethymocytes.
regulation of the NADH and NADPH-ferredoxin oxidoreductases in clostridia of the butyric group.
lysophospholipase activity in cell-wall fragments contaminating mitochondrialfractions of Neurospora crassa.
purification and properties of cholesterol ester hydrolase from human aorticintima and media.
effect of maternal diet on fetal hepatic lipogenesis.
translational control of protein synthesis in stimulated WI-38 fibroblasts.
a non-equilibrium thermodynamics analysis of active transport within theframework of the chemiosotic theory.
kinetics of the slow variation of peak sodium current in the membrane ofmyelinated nerve following changes of holding potential or extracellular pH.
effects of pH during recombination of human erythrocyte membrane apoprotein andlipid.
pH dependence and EPR spectra of Fe-NO complexes with purines and pyrimidines .
comparative solubility properties of rat and hamster zonae pellucidae.
esterification of cholesterol by rabbit testicular mitochondria.
progress in the use of chromosomal translocations for the control of insectpests.
a study of the mechanism of contraction in vertebrate smooth muscle.
comparison of four proteoglycans in terms of their interactions withpoly L-arginine .
circular dichroism of collagen
gelatin
and poly proline  II in the vacuumultraviolet.
the importance of coulombic interactions for the induction of beta structure inlysine oligomers by sodium dodecyl sulfate.
eSR investigation of the binding of acidic biopolymers to synthetic apatite.
buoyant and potentiometric titrations of synthetic polpeptides
iI
fivecopolypeptides and two nonionizable homopolypeptides in CsCl solutions.
ultrasonic absorption in aqueous solution of lysozyme.
maximization of steady-state bacterial production in a chemostat with pH andsubstrate control.
preparation and properties of soluble-insoluble nicotinamide coenzymes.
Modification of the spectrophotometric method for determining theacid-dissociation curves of hemoglobin .
studies on some lipogenic enzymes of cultured myeloid leukemic cells.
Role of P50 in resuscitation  author's transl  .
Isotopic study of fluid and electrolyte disturbances in decompensated chronicrespiratory insufficiency  author's transl  .
Acid-base disorders in status asthmaticus  author's transl  .
dale and the development of pharmacology
lecture given at Sir Henry DaleCentennial Symposium
cambridge
17-19 September 1975.
impairment in the hepatic clearance of  35S -bromosulphophthalein inparacetamol-intoxicated rats.
dual effect of alpha-adrenoceptor antagonists in rat isolated vas deferens.
the evaluation of the novel pressor activity of gamma-piperidinobutyramide  WY20051
dF480 .
electroconvulsive shock increases the behavioural responses of rats to brain5-hydroxytryptamine accumulation and central nervous system stimulant drugs.
effects of chronic nicotine administration on the denervated rat adrenal medulla.
catechol O-methyltransferase in red blood cells of schizophrenic
depressed
and normal human subjects.
the expectation of outcome from maintenance therapy in chronic schizophrenicpatients.
proceedings  The effect of cimetidine
a histamine H2 antagonist
on gastric acidand intrinsic factor secretion during pentagastrin infusion.
proceedings  Histamine receptors in human skin.
proceedings  Stimulation of intestinal propulsion by lowered intraluminal pH.
editorial  Beta-blockers in anxiety and stress.
endocrine and metabolic diseases
adrenal diseases.
letter  Effect of beta-blockade in chronic renal failure.
salicylates and renal function in rheumatoid arthritis.
benzodiazepine drugs in general medical patients.
letter  First aid in acute myocardial infarction.
decrease of uptake and exchange of neurotransmitter amino acids after depletionof their synaptosomal pools.
5-HT antagonists in rat hippocampus.
ultrastructural hypoxic changes in Ammon's horn and Purkinje cells.
the effect of taget organ removal on the development of sympathetic neurons.
sensitization and habituation of the plantar cushion reflex in cats.
quantitative localization of tyrosine hydroxylase
dopamine-beta-hydroxylase,phenolethanolamine-N-methyl transferase
and glutamic acid decarboxylase inspinal cord.
importance of O-methylation in dopamine-induced motor and behavioral phenomena.
extraction of a calcium-phospholipid-phosphate complex from bone.
magill circuit and controlled ventilation.
the reduction of coma time in lipophilic drug overdose using castor oil.
an endogalactosaminidase from Streptomyces griseus.
fractionation of nucleolar proteins by two-dimensional gel electrphoresis.
temperature-induced alanine oxidation in a psychrotrophic Pseudomonas.
growth characteristics of a cell line derived from the pig oviduct.
characteristics of a facultatively psychrophilic Acinetobacter species isolatedfrom river sediment.
zoospore chemotaxis in Australian isolates of Phytophthora species.
an improved synthetic growth medium for Halobacterium cutirubrum.
observations on the sporogony of Plasmodium circumflexum Kikuth and Plasmodiumpolare Manwell in New Brunswick.
double-blind evaluation of oral L-prolyl-Lleucyl-glycine amide in Parkinson'sdisease.
carcinoid tumors of the thymus.
effects of hypoxia on distribution of cardiac output and organ blood flow in the rabbit
regional vascular response to hypoxia.
Foreign activities of the Czech Medical Society .
Activity of transaminases and of gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase in blood donors .
quenching of tryptophanyl fluorescence of human growth hormone by iodide.
comparison of the metabolism of benzo alpha pyrene and binding to DNA caused byrat liver nuclei and microsomes.
inhibition of nadph-driven microsomal lipid peroxidation by cytosol factor s .Effect of a fat-free
high carbohydrate diet.
the repression and derepression of hepatic tyrosine aminotransferase bycarcinogens.
letter  Synthesis of6- beta-bromoethyl -10,11-methylenedioxy-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrodibenz- c,e azocine DA-VIII-MBr  as a new specific alpha-adrenergic blocking agent.
transformation and excretion of drugs in biological systems
xI
renal excretion mechanisms of sulfonamides in rabbits.
studies on dextranase
vIII
some enzymatic properties of immobilized dextranase from Brevibacterium fuscum var
dextranlyticum.
Effect of intratumoral injection of bacterial and viral neuraminidase in rats .
Changes in transmitter release at frog neuromuscular junction induced by4-aminopyridine .
contribution of tissue acidosis to ischemic injury in the perfused rat heart.
polarographic method for rapid microdetermination of cholesterol with cholesterolesterase and cholesterol oxidase.
measurement of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 in serum.
gamma-glutamyltransferase  Substrate inhibition
kinetic mechanism
and assayconditions.
new techniques for ion-selective measurements of ionized calcium in serum afterpH adjustment of aerobically handled sera.
effect of tobramycin on urinary gamma-glutamyltransferase activity  Studies in a case of renal carcinoma.
report of the second conference on education in clinical chemistry.
letter  Effect of glutamate on gamma-glutamyltransferase activity.
electrophoresis of gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase on cellogel
the appearance ofthe alpha2-beta band in positive LP-X sera.
Secretory mechanism of thyroid hormones
II  NADPH dependency and cyclic AMP .
spinal epidural abscess in a five-week-old infant
a problem in diagnosis.
multiple changes in distal stop-flow electrolyte patterns and reduction of acidexcretion induced in rabbits by angiotensin.
the acute effects of respiratory and metabolic acidosis on renal function in the dog.
the haemodynamic effects of metabolic acidosis in the rat.
the effect of acidosis on lactate removal by the perfused rat kidney.
Treatment of some functional disorders of the digestive system  clinicalexperimentation with comparison of a medazepam-metoclopramide combination withmedazepam-anticholinergic agent combination .
Clinical trial of bromazepam in internal medicine
double-blind cross-overcomparison with placebo .
ultrasound and communication in rodents.
torpor in the dasyurid marsupial Antechinus stuartii.
the effect of exogenic thyroxine on activity of the thyroid gland
blood serumproteins and leukocytes in the common vole Microtus arvalis
pallas.
radiative surface temperatures of exercising polar bears.
the presence of chitinase in the digestive fluids of ants.
sweating responses in the chimpanzee  Pan troglodytes .
sweating responses in the rhesus monkey  Macaca mulatta .
the pectoral muscles and the development of thermoregulation in chicks of willow ptarmigan  Lagopus lagopus .
the shivering pattern in an arctic  willow ptarmigan  and a tropical bird  bantamhen .
sodium-potassium dependent adenosine triphosphatase activity in gills and kidneysof Atlantic salmon  Salmo salar .
the amount and distribution of calcium in the exoskeleton of the intermoultcrayfish Parastacoides tasmanicus  Erichson  and Astacopis fluviatilis  Gray .
osmoregulation in molluscs of the intertidal zone.
metabolic and biochemical aspects of heat acclimation in the deer mouse.Peromyscus maniculatus sonoriensis.
cardiovascular functions of the unanesthetized small Indian mongoose
herpestesauropunctatus.
surface immunoglobulins on Xenopus laevis lymphocytes.
renal urate synthesis in the fowl  Gallus domesticus .
a comparative study of nitrogen excretion in twenty-three cockroach species.
command neurons in crustaceans.
the perception of weak electric d.c
currents by the European eel  Anguillaanguilla .
oxygen uptake and temperature regulation of young harbor seals  Phoca vitulinarichardi  in water.
developmental patterns of intestinal transport mechanisms in the chick.
the electrophysiological characteristics of glucose absorption of the goldfishintestine as compared to mammalian intestines.
miniature angle transducer for marine arthropods.
specificity of nitrogenous extractive compounds in tissues of metridium and some molluscs.
the blood of Peripatus acacioi marcus & marcus  Onychophora
iII
the ioniccomposition of the hemolymph.
electrophysiological and morphological investigations on the neuromuscularjunction of the hermit crab
eupagurus bernhardus.
the effect of hypothermia  25 degrees C  on the circulatory system of the rat.
body temperature
heart rate and respiration rate of an unrestrained domesticmallard duck
anas platyrhynchos domesticus.
effect of water deprivation on antidiuresis in Dipodomys spectabilis and Rattusnorvegicus.
air temperature and direct parititional calorimetry of the California sea lion Zalophus californianus .
structure-activity relationships of amino acids in fish olfaction.
effects of pH on the olfactory responses to amino acids in rainbow trout
salmogairdneri.
olfactory responses to skin mucous substances in rainbow trout Salmo gairdneri.
the effect of cold exposure on liver mitochondrial and peroxisomal distributionin the rat
hamster and bat.
red cell sickling in genets.
oxygen consumption of the blue crab
callinectes sapidus rathbun
from proecdysisto postecdysis.
aspects of circulatory physiology of montane and lowland birds.
physiological and ultrastructural aspects of ion movements across thechorioallantois.
heat loss in penguins during immersion and compression.
the striated muscles in a slow-mover
perodicticus potto  Prosimii
lorisidae,Lorisinae .
continuous 24-hour oxygen consumption studies of Myotis velifer.
purification and properties of Drosophila virilis TexmelucanL-glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase.
purification and properties of a polyphenoloxidase from the fresh water snailBiomphalaria glabrata.
aryl acylamidase activity in larvae of the webbing clothes moth
tineolabisselliella.
characterization of a beta-1,4-glucan hydrolase from the snail
helix pomatia.
proteolytic activity in the pituitary gland of the ostrich  Struthio camelus  andthe isolation of an apparent endogenous substrate.
stimulatory effects of ammonia and glutamine on uric acid synthesis in thechicken  Gallus domesticus  treated with methionine sulfoximine.
an ontogenetic study of lactate dehydrogenase in Porocephalus crot ali Pentastomida .
an electrophoretic and pH comparison of the soluble trehalases of several insect species.
a comparative study of the digestive enzymes in the hepatopancreas of Jonah crab  Cancer borealis  and Rock crab  Cancer irroratus .
regulation of Hyalophora cecropia fat body hexokinase by hexose phosphates commonto the pathways of glycolysis
glycogen and trehalose synthesis.
some properties of dopa decarboxylase from Sarcophaga bullata.
the effects of phenformin on glucose
glycogen and lactate metabolism in Amphiumameans liver organ cultures.
dopamine
noradrenaline
octopamine and tyrosine-hydroxylase in the gastropodHelix pomatia.
comparative effects of antimycin A on isolated mitochondria of channel catfish Ictalurus punctatus  and rainbow trout  Salmo gairdneri .
spontaneous activity in smooth muscle of the portal vein of the hedgehogErinaceus europaeus
l.
an electrophoretic study of some hydrolases from fat-body and haemolymph of adultcave-roach Pycnoscelus striatus  Kirby  using selective substrates andinhibitors.
sites of the barium effect on Helix heart muscle cells.
bis-phosphatidic acid plasmalogen in brain of Amia calva and its correlation withthe infarct plasmalogen and the cardiolipin  diphosphatidyl glycerol  series ofphosphatides.
study on amphibian lipids--II
characteristic constituents ofmonoglycosylceramides from the skin of three frog species.
the binding of catecholamines to the serum proteins of the rat and the domesticfowl.
tissue catecholamine levels of the golden hamster  Mesocricetus auratus acclimated to 7
22 and 34 degrees C.
comparison of DFP-hydrolyzing enzyme purified from head ganglion andhepatopancreas of squid  Loligo pealei  by means of isoelectric focusing.
amphibian organ culture as a basis for investigations on the specific and generaleffects of drugs.
attraction of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans to pyridine.
role of cyclic nucleotides in the effect of transmitters on the heart of Helixpomatia L.
evaporative water loss in two small African antelopes  the dik-dik and the suni.
species difference in metabolism of parathion
apparent inability ofhepatopancreas fractions to produce paraoxon.
evidence for a non-microtubular colchicine effect in pigment granule aggregation in melanophores of the fiddler crab
uca pugilator.
the isolation and identification of cholesterol 5alpha
6alpha-epoxide from liverof hairless mice.
vago-sympathetic innervation of the heart of the puff adder
bitis arietans.
alterations in diurnal pineal hydroxyindole-o-methyltransferase  HIOMT  activity in steelhead trout  Salmo gairdneri  associated with changes in environmentalbackground color.
on the presence of O-demethylase activity in invertebrates.
the metabolism of beta-alanine by lobster nervous tissue in vitro.
structure activity studies on the excitatory receptor of the crustaceanneuromuscular junction.
development of a biochemical profile for mass-reared boll weevils  Coleoptera Curculionidae .
elastin--proteoglycan interaction
conformational changes of alpha-elastininduced by the interaction.
bilateral cryptorchidism in a bull.
nuclear magnetic resonance studies of hemoglobin  functional state correlationsand isotopic enrichment strategies.
citrate synthase.
defects of glucose-6-phosphate and 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenases inNeurospora and their pleiotropic effects.
inhibitory T cells.
postnatal development of the circadian rhythm of rat liver tyrosineaminotransferase activity.
treatment of tardive dyskinesia.
epidemiology of tardive dyskinesia Part I.
the influence of dehydrocholate on hepatic uptake and biliary excretion of3H-taurocholate and 3H-ouabain.
postnatal development of mixed-function oxidation as measured in microsomes from the small intestine and liver of rabbits.
characterization of the hepatic microsomal mixed-function oxidase enzyme systemin miniature pigs.
monooxygenase-catalyzed aldrin epoxidation and dihydroisodrin hydroxylation inmonkey liver needle-biopsy specimens
assay and properties.
in vitro metabolism of 1-phenyl-2-propanone oxime in rat liver homogenates.
anaerobic release of fluoride from halothane
relationship to the binding ofhalothane metabolites to hepatic cellular constituents.
microsomal spectral properties and narcotic N-demethylase activity inmethadone-dependent rats.
metabolism of 2- 3-chloro-4 4-chlorobenzoyl -phenyl -as-triazine-3,5 2H,4H -dioneby the chicken.
physiological disposition and metabolism of N-t-butylarterenol and itsdi-p-toluate ester  bitolterol  in the rat.
physiological disposition and metabolism of  3H bitolterol in man and dog.
adriamycin metabolism in man
evidence from urinary metabolites.
binding of organic compounds to rat liver and lung.
pharmacokinetics of digoxin in the rat.
n-acetylation of drugs
pharmacogenetic studies in rabbits selected for theiracetylator characteristics.
alternatives to practolol - the argument in more detail.
Rational diagnosis of liver diseases .
Termination of pregnancy and perinatal mortality  author's transl  .
Analgesia in myocardial infarction .
Sprays as surface anesthetics in dentistry .
histidyl transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase from Salmonella typhimurium.Interaction with substrates and ATP analogues.
The coupling of beta1-24-corticotropin to the adenylate-cylase system in ratadipocytes
evidence for hormone-nucleotides interaction  author's transl  .
ion-binding to phospholipids
interaction of calcium with phosphatidylserine.
cytotoxic sulphonamides designed for selective deposition in malignant tissue.
neutrophils collection and transfusion for the treatment of infection inneutropenic patients.
action of H1 and H2 inhibitors on the response of histamine sensitive adenylycyclase from guinea-pig mucosa.
anti-arrhythmic action of nadolol
a beta-adrenergic receptor blocking agent.
effects of chemical stimulation of the mesolimbic dopamine system upon locomotor activity.
neuroblasts-glia interaction
the effect of co-cultivation upon ecto-ATPaseactivity of neuroblastoma and glioma cells.
descending projections of the rostral septal region  anelectrophysiological-histological study in the cat.
elevated serum and hepatic tyrosine aminotransferase in voles chronicallyinfected with Trypanosoma brucei gambiense.
syphacia muris  response to environmental stimuli when hatching in vitro.
effect of PGE1 on lipogenesis in perfused rat liver.
gamm-Glutamyl transpeptidase in human nephroblastoma grown in nude mice.
influence of mono- and multivalent cations on the electrokinetic properties ofnormal human lymphoid and burkitt lymphoma cells.
an amnesic effect of benzodiazepines in rats?
Development of a long-term stable blood substitute solution .
Methods for the quantitative determination of streptomycin .
Identification and determination of 2-hydroxynicotinic acid .
Pharmacology of methvin--a new ganglionic blocking preparation of short-termeffect .
Heightened anticholinesterase activity of chlorophos in its interaction with theTMB-4 reactivator in vitro .
1,8-naphthyridine derivatives  synthesis and pharmacological evaluation ofbeta-receptor blocking activity.
immobilised enxymes.
the reconstruction of enzymic lipid peroxidation systems from microsomes ofvarious origin.
observations on CO trout hemoglobins by 13CNMR.
reaction of the cytosine nucleus with hydrazine in the presence of bisulphite.
a non-redox role of the coenzyme in the catalysis of isocitrate dehydrogenase.
Methods of molecular spectroscopy in the analysis of phenothiazine seriescompounds .
Methods of stabilizing eyedrops .
Conditions for the formation and extraction of an atropine-picric acid reaction product .
Determination of trimecaine by an extractive photometric method .
the temperature
pH
and partial pressure of oxygen in the cervix and uterus ofwomen and uterus of rats during the cycle.
Responses of small intestine tissue chemoreceptors to change in the pCO2
pH and HCO3-  in perfusion solutions .
a reexamination of the leucine tRNAs and the leucyl-tRNA synthetase in developingTenebrio molitor.
identification of dimethylnitrosoamine metabolites in vitro.
degradation of dimethylnitrosoamine catalysed by physical and chemical agents.
properties of aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase in microsomes of Morris hepatoma 5123Dand the host liver.
electronic interaction of carcinogenic and noncarcinogenic benz c acridines andDNA.
purification of an immunosuppressive principle from Ehrlich carcinoma ascites.
Inhalation analgesia with methoxyfluran  penthrane  in obstetrics  author'stransl  .
Problems of multiple pregnancy .
Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity in the placenta
the blood serumcollected in pregnancy and in labor
in cases of normal pregnancies and itsseveral complications .
post-prandial changes in PH and electrolyte concentration
in the upper jejunumafter truncal vagotomy and drainage in man.
vitamin B12 absorption--a study of intraluminal events in control subjects andpatients with tropical sprue.
The effects of some polypeptides on the systemic blood pressure of sheep author's transl  .
report from National Institutes of Health/World Health Organization Workshop onadvances in comparative virology.
the renal handling of 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy- acetic acid  2,4,5-T  in the dog.
Experimental testing of a new gastrotherapeutic agent .
The disulfide bridges of the trypsin-kallikrein inhibitor K from snails  Helixpomatia
thermal inactivation and proteolysis by thermolysin  author's transl  .
The inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor as precursor of the acid-stable proteinaseinhibitors in human serum and urine .
plant microbody proteins
i
purification and characterization of catalase fromleaves of lens culinaris.
the activator of human cerebroside sulphatase
activating effect on the acidicforms of the sulphatases from invertebrates.
multiple forms of boar acrosin and their relationship to proenzyme activation.
toxin II from Anemonia sulcata-the first sequence of a coelenterate toxin.
pyridoxal-5-phosphate-dependent enzymes in riboflavin deficiency.
gel filtration and related studies on the reconstitution of bacteriophage T4.
immunochemical relationships between bacteria belonging to two separate families pneumococci and Klebsiella.
Conditions for the efficacy of nutritional therapy .
Clinical testing of bronchospasmolytics in combined alternating test schedules .
the first transplantation of a Fallopian tube of frozen material in woman.
an objective method for evaluating Angus and Hereford sperm motility.
sperm antibodies in men from infertile couples
analysis of sperm agglutinins andimmunofluorescent antibodies in 657 men.
the value of the basal temperature chart in the management of infertility.
absorption activity of the blood group substances in various fractions of splitejaculates from man.
the polycystic ovary
i
estradiol/testosterone ratio and the use ofantiestrogens.
the polycystic ovary
iI
progesterone plasma levels after the use ofantiestrogens.
offspring of subfertile parents
a preliminary survey.
increased fibrinolytic activity in the endometrium of patients using copper-iud gravigard .
effects of aminophylline
imidazole and indomethacin on spontaneous andprostaglandin induced ovarian contractions in vitro.
effect of low doses of alpha-chlorohydrin on fertility and semen characteristics and binding of the drug of spermatozoa in swine.
active transport system in human spermatozoa.
sperm antibodies in serum and seminal plasma.
The diagnosis and differential diagnosis of acute cerebral circulationdisorders .
fluorescence polarization studies on the binding between glutamate dehydrogenase and cytoplasmic aspartate aminotransferase.
proceedings  Lack of inverse relationship between the net charge ofthymus-independent immunogens and the responding spleen cells.
Clinical and experimental observations on idiopathic urticaria due to thecontact with heat .
lubrication and cartilage.
urea transport-defective strains of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
physiological factors affecting transformation of Azotobacter vinelandii.
role of D-tryptophan oxidase in D-tryptophan utilization by Escherichia coli.
transduction of chromosomal genes between enteric bacteria by bacteriophage P1.
galactoside accumulation by Escherichia coli
driven by a pH gradient.
adenosine 5'-monophosphate-stimulated cyanide-insensitive respiration inmitochondria of Moniliella tomentosa.
sulfate-reducing pathway in Escherichia coli involving bound intermediates.
an endonuclease from Escherichia coli that introduces single polynucleotide chainscissions in ultraviolet-irradiated DNA.
quaternary conformational changes in human hemoglobin studied by laser photolysisof carboxyhemoglobin.
muscarinic acetylcholine receptor from rat brain
partial purification andcharacterization.
quantitative relationships between phosphorylation
electron flow
and internalhydrogen ion concentrations in spinach chloroplasts.
kinetic properties of human placental aromatase
application of an assaymeasuring 3H2O release from 1beta,2beta-3H-androgens.
apparent oxidation-reduction potential of Clostridium acidi-urici ferredoxin.Effect of pH
ionic strength
and amino acid replacements.
a deoxyribonucleic acid kinase from nuclei of rat liver
purification andproperties.
hydrogen exchange at the amide group of reduced pyridine nucleotides and theinhibition of that reaction by dehydrogenases.
vaccination of man and animals by the non-parenteral route
isle-of-Man,September 1975.
w.H.O./I.A.B.S
symposium on the measurement of the number of organisms inbacterial vaccines
geneva
2-3 October 1975
statement on the determination ofopacity of bacterial suspensions for vaccine.
a Dacron wool packed-bed extracorporeal reactor  a kinetic study of immobilizedEscherichia coli II L-asparaginase.
isolation of intact megakaryocytes from guinea pig femoral marrow
successfulharvest made possible with inhibitions of platelet aggregation; enrichmentachieved with a two-step separation technique.
the polymerization of actin
iII
aggregates of nonfilamentous actin and itsassociated proteins  a storage form of actin.
degradation of abnormal proteins in HeLa cells.
the effect of pH on incorporation of galactose by a normal human cell line andcell lines from patients with defective galactose metabolism.
experiments on the synthesis of tetracycline
part XIV
closure of ring B bybase-catalysed photocyclisation.
chromatography of hemoglobins on CM-cellulose with bis-tris and sodium chloridedevelopers.
the determination of phanquone in biological material by gas-liquidchromatography.
stability of fluorescent antibody conjugates stored under various conditions.
inactivation of viruses in serum with binary ethyleneimine.
inorganic phosphate homeostasis
renal adaptation to the dietary intake in intactand thyroparathyroidectomized rats.
effect of beta adrenergic blockade on renin response to renal nerve stimulation.
identification and characterization of a bile acid receptor in isolated liversurface membranes.
a brief anxiety rating scale in evaluating anxiolytics.
the process of fear reduction through systematic desensitization.
a controlled study to assess the clinical efficacy of totally self-administeredsystematic desensitization.
comparative psychotherapy  rational-emotive therapy versus systematicdesensitization in the treatment of stuttering.
toxaphene degradation by iron II  protoporphyrin systems.
hydrolysis of methylparathion in soils.
studies on the adsorption and interaction of 1,2-dibromo-3-chloropropane
i
withmontmorillonites.
kinetics and mechanisms of conversion of methyl1- butylcarbamoyl -2-benzimidazolecarbamate  benomyl  to methyl2-benzimidazolecarbamate  MBC .
kinetics and mechanisms of conversion of methyl1- butylcarbamoyl -2-benzimidazolecarbamate  benomyl  to3-butyl-2,4-dioxo 1,2-a -s-triazinobenzimidazole  STB  and1- 2-benzimidazolyl -3-n-butylurea  BBU .
specificity of the vanillin test for flavanols.
ethylcarbamate in fermented beverages and foods
iI
possible formation ofethylcarbamate from diethyl dicarbonate addition to wine.
composition
solubility
and gel electrophoretic properties of proteins isolated from Florunner  Arach is hypogaea L.  peanut seeds.
enzymatic hydrolysis of food protein for amino acid analysis
i
solubilizationof the protein.
extraction of methabenzthiazuron from the soil.
measurement of methylcarbamate formed by the addition of dimethyl dicarbonate to model solutions and to wines.
metal-metal interactions involving metalloporphyrins
iII
conversion oftetraphenylporphinatoiron III  azide to an N-bridged hemin dimer.
electrostatic facilitation of general acid catalyzed alpha-oxonium ion formation in a lysozyme-like environment  synthesis of the models.
electrostatic facilitation of general acid catalyzed alpha-oxonium ion formation in a lysozyme-like environment  Kinetic investigations.
some very rapid reactions of porphyrins in aqueous solution.
pH dependence of the nitrotyrosine-248 and arsanilazotyrosine-248carboxypeptidase A catalyzed hydrolysis ofO- trans-p-chlorocinnamoyl -L-beta-phenyllactate.
letter  Hydride mobility in pyridinium salt-dihydropyridine mixtures
abiomimetic pyridine nucleotide transhydrogenation.
letter  Solvent isotope effect in inorganic pyrophosphatase-catalyzed hydrolysis of inorganic pyrophosphate.
interaction of uridine and cytidine monophosphates with ribonuclease A
iV.Phosphorus-31 nuclear magnetic resonance studies.
dehalogenation of 5-bromo-6-methoxy-5,6-dihydrothymine by cysteine.
the changing pattern of bacterial sepsis since the introduction of antibiotictherapy.
Has the pH meter replaced the Apgar score? .
kinetics of the antibody response to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide
i.Evidence that suppressor cells function by inhibiting the recruitment andproliferation of antibody-producing cells.
influence of protein restriction on immune functions in NZB mice.
characterization of cells that suppress the cytotoxic activity of T lymphocytes
i
quantitative measurement of inhibitor cells.
igM-mediated
t cell-independent suppression of humoral immunity.
letter  Factors influencing the response of mice to type III pneumococcalpolysaccharide.
secondary IgG responses to type III pneumococcal polysaccharide
iI
differentcellular requirements for induction and elicitation.
the effect of Bordetella pertussis on the antibody response in mice to type IIIpneumococcal polysaccharide.
immunology of DNA
i
the influence of reaction conditions on the Farr assay asused for the detection of anti-ds DNA.
a Doppler assay for the antigen--antibody reaction.
california arbovirus  La Crosse  infections
iII
epidemiology of Californiaencephalitis in Minnesota.
characterization of fatty acid desaturase activity in rat lung microsomes.
effect of unilateral and bilateral castration and cryptorchidism on serumgonadotrophins in the rat.
further evidence for histamine facilitating oestrogen action in the uterus.
prolactin stimulation test with perphenazine  an evaluation of plasma prolactinlevels and pituitary secretory activity in the rat.
activation and desensitization of platelets by platelet-activating factor  PAF derived from IgE-sensitized basophils
i
characteristics of the secretoryresponse.
activation of platelets by platelet-activating factor  PAF  derived fromIgE-sensitized basophils
iI
the role of serine proteases
cyclic nucleotides,and contractile elements in PAF-induced secretion.
acid hydrolases in leukocytes and platelets of normal subjects and in patientswith Gaucher's and Fabry's disease.
regulation of the oxidative NADP-enzyme tissue levels in Drosophila melanogaster.I
modulation by dietary carbohydrate and lipid.
analysis of acetate non-utilizing  acu  mutants in Aspergillus nidulans.
predicting individual responses to drug treatment in schizophrenia  a test dosemodel.
on the bimodality of the distribution of electrodermal orienting responses inschizophrenic patients.
cytochrome redox potential dependence on substrate in rat cerebral cortex slices importance of cytoplasmic NAD P H and potassium.
dopamine-beta-hydroxylase activity in human cerebrospinal fluid.
comparative investigation of free nucleotides in two neuroblastoma clonal celllines.
guanylate cyclase in vertebrate retina evidence for specific association with rodouter segments.
enzymes associated with the metabolism of catecholamines
acetylcholine and gaba in human controls and patients with Parkinson's disease and Huntington's chorea.
oxidative metabolism of the cerebral cortex of the rat in severe insulin-induced hypoglycaemia.
glycerol kinase and dihydroxyacetone kinase in rat brain.
sudden hemorrhage in metastatic thyroid carcinoma of the brain during treatmentwith iodine-131.
alkaloids of Vinca rosea L
Catharanthus roseus G
don
xXXVII
structure ofvincathicine.
The regional blood flow of brainstem and effect of anti-vertigo drugs  author's transl  .
concentrations of bacteria in cerebrospinal fluid of patients with bacterialmeningitis.
iron--sulfur proteins of Entamoeba histolytica.
Acid dissociation of serotonin 5-hydroxytryptamine  and 5-hydroxytryptophan author's transl  .
quantitative determination of resorcinol in presence of phenol.
oil-water distribution of p-alkylpyridines.
neurogenic influences of bilateral adrenalectomy on monoamine oxidase.
binding study of tetracyclines to human serum albumin using differencespectrophotometry.
fluorescence of hydralazine in concentrated sulfuric acid.
the antiarrhythmic and cardiovascular properties of 1-dimethylisopropylamino-3- 2-phenylphenoxy -propan-2-ol chloride
uM-424.
acid secretion by guinea-pig isolated stomach.
two components of the calcium current in the egg cell membrane of the tunicate.
oestrogenic sensitivity of rat uterine secretion.
a new series of cardioselective adrenergic beta-receptor blocking compounds.1- 2-Acyl-4-acylaminophenoxy -3-isopropylaminopropan-2-ols.
teaching interviewing for pediatrics.
the USAF School of Health Care Sciences PLATO IV project  a mini-curriculum forPAs.
aTP synthesis driven by a protonmotive force in Streptococcus lactis.
effect of local anesthetics on chloride transport in erythrocytes.
effect of calcium on the membrane potential of Amphiuma red cells.
transitory postnatal hemolysis of calf red cells by amino acids.
packing in a new crystalline form of glutamine synthetase from Escherichia coli.
studies of the histidine residues of triose phosphate isomerase by protonmagnetic resonance and x-ray crystallography.
conformational transitions of the lac repressor from Escherichia coli.
myosin from starfish egg  properties and interaction with actin.
production of slow responses in canine cardiac Purkinje fibers exposed to reducedpH.
calcium sequestration by subcellular fractions isolated from vascular smoothmuscle  effect of cyclic nucleotides and prostaglandins.
biochemical properties of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase in metastasizingand nonmetastasizing rat mammary carcinomas.
hybrid-versus-parental strain reaction
iII
comparative mortality in parentalstrain mice of the H-2k genotype.
cryptorchidism
hernia
and cancer of the testis.
the physician's assistant program at Harlem Hospital Center.
hemodynamic and respiratory responses of conscious swine to E
coli endotoxin.
isoaccepting species of serine tRNA coded by bacteriophage T5sto.
purification and characterization of mouse interferon with novel affinitysorbents.
induction of prophage SPO2 in Bacillus subtilis  isolation of excised prophageDNA as a covently closed circle.
escherichia coli capsule bacteriophages
vIII
fragments of bacteriophage 28-1.
letter  Sensitivity of liver function tests.
Polyarteritis nodosa .
Mechanism of actions of immunosuppressive agents in nephrotic syndrome .
studies on mode of antagonism between adrenergic beta-mimetics and beta-blocking agents  I
beta-blocking action of mescaline and its derivatives.
regulation of tyrosine hydroxylase activity by prostaglandin E1 in guinea pigadrenal gland.
Long bypass graft for atypical aortic coarctation caused by aortitis--surgicalmethods .
Systematic diagnosis of chronic diarrhea in infants and small children .
Cryptorchism in children .
Inguinal hernia in cryptorchism .
Pheochromocytoma  intraoperative resuscitation without vasopressors andmethoxyflurane anesthesia .
The role of HCO3- ATPase in H+ /HCO3-Secretion  author's transl  .
Tissue specific inhibition of lymphocyte proliferation by spleen extract lymphocyte chalone   author's transl  .
gastric mucosal permeability in burned patients  correlation with endoscopy.
Interlocking medullary nailing
indications
technic with a new guidinginstrument
analysis of the 1st 50 operations .
Supporting role of the fibula in tibial fractures .
Clinical aspects and pathology of traumatic lesions of the optic nerve .
Preservation of crushed extremities .
Data on the causes and mechanisms of fatal injuries based on traffic accidentcases at Csikszereda .
Experience with the management of subtalar dislocation .
Treatment of contracture of the finger joints by capsulectomy andspring-splints .
Experimental single-stage reconstruction of the tendon sheath and flexor tendon  free tendon graft
using a vein for sheath on the flexor tendon in dogs  .
Reconstruction of the injured flexor tendon in the proximal half of the "noman's land" by a modified method  tendon sheath reconstruction using a veingraft  .
Isolated luxation of the trapezium bone .
Amputation and rehabilitation .
Special care of injured patients after returning to work .
Delayed primary wound treatment .
chemical injuries of the upper extremity.
intraspecific variations in the hemolymph of Biomphalaria glabrata
a snail host of Schistosoma mansoni.
Value of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase determination in the detection of chronicalcoholism .
Results of retransplantations .
Seloken  Metoprolol
hässle  .
Mass spectrometry in drug addiction--and intensive care .
Acute renal insufficiency caused by glaphenine .
inhibition of phenylalanine hydroxylase activity by alpha-methyl tyrosine
apotent inhibitor of tyrosine hydroxylase.
the influence of diet on the lipogenic response to thyroxine in rat liver.
effect of the "calcium ionophore" A-23187 on transmitter release at the frogneuromuscular junction.
metabolic changes in dogs during anaphylactic shock.
effect of thyroid status and cold stress on tyrosine hydroxylase activity inadrenal gland and brown adipose tissue.
amino acid incorporation by nuclear membrane fraction of rat liver.
neurotransmitter metabolism in murine neuroblastoma cells.
change in intracellular pH of rat liver during azo-dye carcinogenesis.
the beta-adrenergic receptor.
practical answers to common questions about urinary tract infections.
The regulation of gastric and extragastric release of gastrin .
Toxic liver disintegration coma with consumption coagulopathy followingcarbromal poisoning .
fluorimetric analysis of alkaloids
determination of serpentine
yohimbine
andboldine.
the investigation of critical parameters in the glycolytic response of singleliving cells by rapid microspectrofluorometric analysis.
Changes in bile physicochemical indexes in experimental Salmonella typhimuriumcarrier state .
Optimization of a method for the determination of tetrazolium reductase insoil .
Relevance of biochemistry in diagnosis and development of alcoholic liverdisease  author's transl  .
Natural control of blood-sucking mosquito population densities  review ofliterature  .
glyceryl guaiacolate in anesthesea.
cryptorchidism in dogs.
binding of iodinated beta adrenergic antagonists to proteins derived from ratheart.
structure-activity relationships of adenylate cyclase-coupled beta adrenergicreceptors  determination by direct binding studies.
dopaminergic neurons  activation of tyrosine hydroxylase by a calcium chelator.
proline endopeptidase and exopeptidase activity in polymorphonucleargranulocytes.
A compact form of DNA in solution
2
peculiarities of acidic titration ofdouble-stranded DNA in PEG-containing water-salt solutions .
Changes in the chemical composition and physico-chemical characteristics ofchromatin from spleens of mice during immunogenesis .
Kinetics and mechanism of the 3H to 1H in C 8 H groups of purine derivatives .
Proceedings  Clinical findings on the management of cryptorchism .
Influence of intravenous pyelography on the urinary excretion ofleucinearylamidase and gamma glutamyltraspeptidase in children .
alcohol intoxication and withdrawal.
regression of coronary-artery aneurysms in infantile polyarteritis nodosa.
letter  Respiratory therapists.
prenatal diagnosis of sickle-cell anemia and alpha G Philadelphia
study of aFetus also at risk for H b S/beta+-thalassemia.
correction of severe combined immunodeficiency by fetal liver cells.
secretin
cholecystokinin and newer gastrointestinal hormones  first of twoparts .
editorial  Immunologic reconstitution with fetal tissue.
association of high affinity stereospecific binding of 3H-propranolol to cerebralmembranes with beta adrenoceptors.
histamine-sensitive adenylate cyclase in mammalian brain.
antagonistic effects of GABA and benzodiazepines on vestibular and cerebellarneurones.
Letter  Glafenin and nephrotoxicity .
Cause of death  rheumatoid arthritis .
Patient with abdominal pain .
Electromyographic study on the effect of oral calcium and vitamin Dadministration normocalcemic tetany .
cholinergic mechanisms in narcotic analgesics.
action of opiates
antipsychotics
amphetamine and apomorphine on dopaminereceptors in rat striatum  in vivo changes of 3',5'-cyclic AMP content andacetylcholine turnover rate.
Use of Camazepam in the anesthesiologic practice .
Non-barbiturate intravenous anesthetics .
diet
exercise and ketone metabolism.
Report on pilot-courses in the Academy of Public Health in Düsseldorf  author's transl  .
cyclic AMP and neuroendocrine influence upon forelimb regeneration in the adultnewt
notophthalmus viridescens.
Mitosis in regenerating comb row and the double-nucleated cells of Ctenophora .
symposium on ski trauma and skiing safety
foreword.
Serum level of enzymes during abortion  with simultaneous administration of betamimetics and beta blocking agents  .
2 new species of microsporidians  Protozoa
microsporidia  from mosquitoes ofthe family Chironomidae .
Disorders of peripheral hemodynamics in children with periarteritis nodosa .
impaired urinary acidification in the hypothyroid rat.
electrical responses of isolated Nitella protoplasm--excitations or artifacts?
the action of Ca2+
mg2+ and H+ on the contraction threshold of frog skeletalmuscle  Evidence for surface charges controlling electro-mechanical coupling.
Favorable spontaneous course of a perirenal hematoma in periarteritis nodosa .
Renal tubular acidosis .
Letter  Bacteriostatic and bactericidal activity of nalixidic acid
variationsas a function of PH .
Editorial  Mechanisms of the antihypertensive action of beta-blocking agents .
Comparison of the pA2 of various beta blocking agents .
Effects of adrenergic blockade on adipose tissue lipolysis provoked in cats and humans by intravenous perfusion of isoprenaline .
Letter  IGA level in cancer patients .
bone marrow transplantation in children.
The role of some microorganisms in the pathogenesis of non-specificbronchopulmonary infections .
Takayasu disease located in branches of the thoracic and abdominal aorta .
Serum and urinary gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase and leucine arylamidase activityin various forms of chronic glomerulonephritis .
Use of nomograms in the diagnosis and treatment of acid-base imbalance .
Early diagnosis of gas gangrene in laboratory animals by means of measurementsof oxidation-reduction potential  eH  and acidity  pH  .
recent research on the basic factors involved in studies on the metabolism anddistribution of anorectic drugs.
Significance of microorganisms found in throat swabs  author's transl  .
Out patient prophylaxis of arrhythmias due to coronary insufficiency  author'stransl  .
The effect of hydrocortisone and insulin on the activity and isoenzymes oftyprosine-alpha-ketoglutarate transaminase in the ctyostructures of the livers ofrats of different ages .
detrimental effect of in vitro salivary contamination of acid-etched enamel.
control of adenylate cyclase from secretory vesicle membranes by beta-adrenergic agents and nerve growth factor.
preliminary characterization of the acrasin of the cellular slime moldPolysphondylium violaceum.
arthritis calling for surgical treatment-aetiology and epidemiology.
the costs of arthritis and the benefits of joint replacement surgery.
non-operative treatment.
force actions transmitted by joints in the human body.
design and testing of replacement prostheses.
principles and practice in hip replacement.
unlinked surface replacement.
prostheses for joints including flexural elements.
the mechanism of T cell mediated cytotoxicity
i
the release of different cellcomponents.
the mechanism of T cell mediated cytotoxicity
iI
morphological studies of cell death by time-lapse microcinematography.
the ommatidium of the lacewing Chrysopa  Neuroptera .
the origin and development of the epidermis and associated structures in thecercaria of Cryptocotyle lingua  Creplin   Digenea  Heterophyidae  from Littorinalittorea  L. .
morphogenesis and physiogenesis of the retino-tectal connection in the chicken.I
the retinal ganglion cells and their axons.
morphogenesis and physiogenesis of the retino-tectal connection in the chicken.II
the retino-tectal synapses.
perihepatic haematoma in polyarteritis nodosa.
effects of dietary vitamin D and calcium on lysyl oxidase activity in chick bone metaphyses.
factors influencing nonspecific binding of glucocorticoids in myocardial tissue.
arylamidase and cathepsin-A activity of normal and dystrophic human muscle.
Effect of pH on the speed of alteration of virginiamycin factor s in aqueousmedium .
Colloid association of antihistaminics
part 1
relation between chemicalstructure and critical micelle formation concentration .
Colloid association of antihistaminics
part 2
effect of electrolyte content,pH value and hydrotrophic substances on association characteristics .
A new method for determination of dissociation constants of weak acids andbases .
Interactions between macromolecular adjuvants and drugs
2
the stability ofpropipocaine and stabilization by PVA .
The complex formation of etilefrin with high molecular weight aqueons solutions of adjuvants .
The sorption of L-lysine on ion exchange resins .
Drug permeation through synthetic lipoid membranes
7
a resorption model with alecithin membrane for testing the biological availability of drugs .
synthesis of some new phenothiazine derivatives of expected medicinal value.
Chronic toxicity of 4- 3'-diethylamino-2'hydroxypropyl -ajmaline hydrogentartrate  Tachmalcor  in the rat .
morphological changes in the thymus of young and adult red-billed queleas Quelea quelea  aves .
histological changes associated with enlargement and regression of the thymusglands of the red-billed quelea Quelea quelea L
Ploceidae  weaver-birds .
eMMA-4 analysis of iron in cells of the thymic cortex of a weaver-bird  Queleaquelea .
the postcranial skeletons of the Triassic mammals Eozostrodon
megazostrodon and Erythrotherium.
recent and prospective trends in fertility in developed countries.
classical conditioning in the sea anemone
cribrina xanthogrammica.
performance enhancement effects of d-amphetamine
methylphenidate
pipradrol and phenindamine in rats.
the effects of long-term stimulant medication on growth and body composition ofhyperactive children.
measurement of anxiety in outpatient trials  detection of bias in patient anddoctor ratings.
drug treatment of insomnia in old age.
treatment of phenothiazine-induced dyskinesia.
Automatic method for determination of serum antistreptolysin .
Effect of intraventricular administration of 6-hydroxydopamine on the radiation stress induced increase in plasma corticosterone .
on the influence of prostaglandin F2alpha-induced labor at term on the metabolismand coagulation of mother and fetus.
pulmonary microembolism  attenuated pulmonary vasoconstriction with prostaglandininhibitors and antihistamines.
Renal urine acidity in normal school children .
Water-electrolyte and acid-base equilibrium in pediatrics .
Various considerations on cryptorchism and its therapy
comments on 100 cases .
carotid body control of coronary flow
myocardial oxidative metabolism
andcardiac catecholamines in the dog.
psychotropic drugs and dopamine uptake inhibition.
critique of single amine theories  evidence of a cholinergic influence in themajor mental illnesses.
noradrenergic subsensitivity of rat liver homogenates during chronic ethanolingestion.
interactions between drugs and saliva-stimulating parafilm and their implicationsin measurements of saliva drug levels.
Classification of clinically manifest diabetes mellitus as related toetiological factors .
Prevalence of autoantibodies in chronic coronary insufficiency .
Atraumatic methods used in the early diagnosis of coronary diseases .
Value of the combination of several methods of functional examination inevaluation of the condition of the heart after myocardial infarct .
Monophasic action potential of the right ventricle in patients with auricularfibrillation and digitalis overdosage .
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors in the treatment of gastroduodenal ulcer .
Therapeutic test with acetazolamide in the differentiation of benign andmalignant niches .
Treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer with acetazolamide  Ederen  .
Prognosis of the acute episode in renal insufficiency .
Complement in rheumatoid articular inflammation .
Survey of the risk of tuberculosis in diabetics .
Use of injectable lorazepam in preparation for electric cardioversion .
Use of injectable lorazepam in preparation for cardiac catheterization .
Non-functional familial adenomas and their relation to polyendocrineadenomatosis .
acid hydrolases in the odontoblast-predentin region of dentinogenically activeteeth.
n-acetyl-beta-D-hexosaminidase system in synovial fluid.
Gastroenterology yesterday and today .
new histamine antagonists.
sperm diaphorase  genetic polymorphism of a sperm-specific enzyme in man.
acid precipitation and embryonic mortality of spotted salamanders
ambystomamaculatum.
antibodies to histones and histone-histone complexes  immunochemical evidence forsecondary structure in histone 1.
dopamine receptor binding predicts clinical and pharmacological potencies ofantischizophrenic drugs.
vector control of filariasis in the Solomon Islands.
on Philippine mosquitoes
xX
species feeding on mudfish  Ophicephalus striatusBloch .
standardisation of the preparation of platelet concentrates.
suppression of postpartum lactation with furosemide.
Panel discussion on supervisory nurses' functions in a national group ofsupervisory nurses' general meeting .
Influence of chlorazepate dipotassium on psychomotor reactions .
79 motions for delegates' meeting recorded in the history of the Swedish Nurses'Association .
Beta blockaders in psychiatry .
Have beta blockaders more than a symptomatic effect in cardiovasculardiseases? .
Neuroleptics .
Drugs and the fetus
antihistaminics .
sea wasp toxoid  an immunizing agent against the venom of the box jelly fish,Chironex fleckeri.
preliminary studies on the neurotoxin in the venom of Crotalus scutulatus  Mojaverattlesnake .
Changes of protein metabolism following irradiation
iI
protease activity,protease pattern
protein and free amino acids in the cytoplasm and cellorganelles of the rat liver following 600 R whole-body irradiation .
dynamics of the changes in the tissular levels of cyclic AMP after cobalt-60gamma-irradiation.
brain microvascular hemodynamic responses to induced seizures.
changes in the composition of milk and rumen contents in cows exposed to a highambient temperature with controlled feeding.
Characteristics of heterogeneity of serum albumin in heterosis-hybrid chickens .
Peculiarities of acid-base reserves in aging .
9th International Congress of Chemotherapy
london 13-18 of July 1975 .
letter  Diagnostic test for equine cryptorchidism.
metomidate as sole anaesthetic agent in tawny owls.
pathways of degradation of brome mosaic virus particles as influenced by theirRNA content.
stabilizing effect of divalent metal ions on virions of southern bean mosaicvirus.
studies on the structure of reovirus cores  selective removal of polypeptidelambda 2.
biological properties of an improved transformation assay for native anddenatured T4 DNA.
Edema and swelling of the brain as a pharmacological problem  literaturesurvey  .
Expediency of including ganglionic blockaders and neuroleptics in the complextreatment of vibration disease .
Anaphylactic shock as a response to subcutaneous administration of pantocrine .
Dynamics of production and various properties of interferon-like inhibitorsformed under the influence of AET and cystaphos in vivo and in cell cultures .
around the country in sixty minutes.
strategies for productivity with physician extenders.
physician's assistants in California.
Solemn academy held in the memory of Witold Stefański .
Extracardiac factors in the development of arrhythmias  author's transl  .
Lipolysis in human adipose tissue  author's transl  .
Study of the influence of the beta-sympatholytic drug KO 1366  Bunitrolol onlung function  author's transl  .
Cerebral manifestations in the hepatic coma syndrome  author's transl  .
Urinary enzymes in the early detection of rejection reactions after renaltransplantation  author's transl  .
Drug and surgical therapy of angina pectoris .
Inducible accumulation of alpha-ketoglutaric acid in cultures of Streptomyceshygroscopicus JA 6599 producing a macrolide antibiotic .
Effect of defined substrate limitations on the enzyme and metabolite patterns ofthe methylotrophic bacterium Pseudomonas W6 .
The "4
meissen Dialogue"
the physician's and his co-workers' obligation toinformation and to discretion--legal basis .
Immunosuppressive treatment in autoimmune vasculities .
Possibilities and limits of the intrauterine reanimation  author's transl  .
graft-versus-host reaction  a pathogenetic principle for the development of drug allergy
autoimmunity
and malignant lymphoma in non-chimeric individuals.Hypothesis.
Studies on the hatching of miracidia of Dicrocoelium dendriticum  author'stransl  .
Surface anesthetics in dentistry .
Long-term treatment of chronic polyarthritis using benorylate .
Disc-electrophoretic analysis of bile glycoproteins in children with chroniccholecystitis .
Tissue heteroallergy in pulmonary tuberculosis .
Vitamin C requirement in patients with parodontopathies living at differentaltitude levels in Kirghizia .
Biological stimulators of hematopoiesis as nonspecific factors increasing body'sresistance  experimental study  .
Electrocardiographic examinations of the rural population of Kirghizia .
Electrocardiographic examinations of children in the Pamir mountains .
Editorial  Greetings worthy of medical workers on the occasion of theirCommemorative Day .
Effect of certain general-action drugs on the state of visual functions inglaucoma .
Audiometric tests in children with adenoid hypertrophy .
Functional characteristics of teeth after tooth root apex resection .
Surgical treatment of bronchial asthma .
Diagnosis of recurrent goiter .
History of the management of gunshot wounds of the abdominal cavity .
Stab-cut wounds of the heart .
Case of successful surgical treatment of severe injury of the ligamentalapparatus of the knee joint .
Georgiĭ Pavlovich Konradi  on his 70th birthday  .
Use of foreign medical literature in Kirghizia .
Organization of medical aid to patients with mandibular fractures in the KirghizSSR .
Structure of multiple causes of death among adult population in the city ofFrunze .
The modification of soil microflora due to the soil-aeration
1
the influenceof aerobic and anaerobic soil conditions on the bacteriological flora and itspsysiologic efficiency  author's transl  .
The qualitative change of the bacteria-flora in arable soils by manuring withdefinite organic substances
1st information  author's transl  .
Studies of Nocardia pellegrino SN 5108 pigment mutants  reasons for differences in pigmentation  author's transl  .
formation and some factors influencing the activity of progesterone hydroxylases by Aspergillus niger.
Preparation of the lectin B component from the hemagglutinin of Lens culinaris .
In-vitro study of the sensitivity of pneumococci to 7 cephalosporins .
proceedings  Controlled clinical comparative study of octoclothepin,propericiazine and placebo in hyperkinetic children.
proceedings  Comparison of the effect of oxypertine and thioridazine onsensorimotor activity in chronic schizophrenics  a controlled study .
proceedings  A comparison of Oxypertine Winthrop and chlorothepin  ClothepinSpofa  in schizophrenic psychoses.
proceedings  The EEG effects of VUFB-10.032
clozapine and octoclothepin inrabbits.
proceedings  Side effects of phenothiazines.
proceedings  Clinical experience with sydnocarb in neuroses and psychoses.
proceedings  EEG changes in the treatment with medazepam and oxazepam
a crossover study.
proceedings  Medazepam
oxazepam and placebo--clinical and experimental study.
proceedings  Clinical effects of beta-adrenergic blockers in psychiatry.
proceedings  Effects of peptides regulating the release of MSH and TSH and ofsome analogues on the spontaneous exploratory reactions in rats.
preliminary study of parenteral lorazepam in status epilepticus.
alanine formation and alanine aminotransferase activity in the nerve tissue with proliferating macroglia.
influence of sugar content in soft bread on pH of human dental plaque.
polymerization of penicillins  kinetics and mechanism of di- and polymerizationof ampicillin in aqueous solution.
structure-basicity and structure-affinity relationships of beta-adrenergicblocking agents.
inhibition by acidosis of adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate accumulation andlipolysis in isolated rat fat cells.
cyclic AMP-dependent and independent inhibition of lipolysis by adenosine anddecreased pH.
modification of the gastric secretory response to sham feeding by acidificationof the antrum and the duodenum in dogs.
beta adrenergic dilator component of the sympathetic vascular response inskeletal muscle
influence on the micro-circulation and on transcapillaryexchange.
haematologic adaptation in patients with chronic bronchitis and pulmonaryinsufficiency.
pattern of enzyme activity following acute myocardial infarction with specialreference to gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase.
Spontaneous facial-buccal-lingual dyskinesia  clinical studies andpharmacological experiments .
the biochemistry and analysis of lead.
fatty acid activation  specificity
localization
and function.
Conception and terminology of hosts in parasitology .
diamine oxydase in rabbit small intestine  separations from a soluble monoamineoxidase
properties and pathophysiological significance in intestinal ischemia.
alterations in the circulatory system of anaesthesized dogs followingadministration of histamine and histamine H1- and H2-Receptor antagonists inrelation to plasma histamine levels.
proceedings  Electrophysiological effects of histamine on cardiac ventricularmuscle; intracellular studies with H1- and H2-receptor blocking drugs.
proceedings  In vivo anti-histaminic activity of histaminase.
normal and pathological pathways in the regulation of bronchomotor tone  withspecial reference to bronchial asthma .
myocardial ischemia and cell acidosis  Modification by alkali and the effects on ventricular function and cation composition.
effects of allopurinol
propranolol and methylprednisolone on infarct size inexperimental myocardial infarction.
effects of cedilanid-D in combination with metoprolol on exercise tolerance andsystolic time intervals in angina pectoris.
symposium on hypertension  Part II
renin profiling and drug therapy
childhoodhypertension
prorenin
the physiology of renin secretion
introduction.
beta adrenergic blockade and diuretic therapy in benign essential hypertension  Adynamic assessment.
control of renin release  a review of experimental evidence and clinicalimplications.
syncope with prolonged QT interval.
reflux esophagitis.
quantitative determination of piperazine citrate in piperazine citrate syrup USP.
personality and job satisfaction of medical technologists.
bactericidal activity and pharmacology of flucloxacillin.
nephrology rounds
university of Iowa Hospitals  renal tubular acidosis.
ventilatory and blood gas changes during laparoscopy with local anesthesia.
gastrointestinal absorption
i
mechanisms.
effects of salicylate and bile salt on ion transport by isolated gastric mucosaof the rabbit.
characteristics of intestinal phase of gastric secretion.
inhibition of gastric secretion in the dog by 16,16-dimethyl prostaglandin E2.
effect of carbon monoxide on equilibrium between oxygen and hemoglobin.
erythropoietin production after renal denervation or beta-adrenergic blockade.
the current status of behavioral psychotherapy  theory and practice.
effect of drug ritual changes on schizophrenic patients.
a simple technique for demonstrating transmission of dengue virus by mosquitoeswithout the use of vertebrate hosts.
ecologic studies of Venezuelan encephalitis virus and isolations of Nepuyo andPatois viruses during 1968-1973 at a marsh habitat near the epicenter of the 1969outbreak in Guatemala.
studies of possible movement of Venezuelan encephalitis virus from an enzooticfocus in Guatemala during 1971-1974.
hepatitis B surface antigen  Australia antigen  in mosquitoes collected inSenegal
west Africa.
hemorrhagic shock in dogs
comparison of treatment with shed blood alone versusshed blood plus Ringer's lactate  intravascular pressures
cardiac output
oxygenconsumption
arteriovenous oxygen differences
extracellular fluid PO2,electrolyte changes
and survival rates.
Modern viewpoint on the physiology of prolactin  luteotropic hormone  and itsuse for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes .
Conformational changes of hyaluronic acid in acid medium  author's transl  .
treatment of the diving casualty.
rapid determination of an amino acid  tRNA ligase.aminoacyl adenylate complex on DEAE-cellulose filter disks.
a simple and sensitive assay for guanylate cyclase.
proline determination with isatin
in the presence of amino acids.
catalymetric - thermometric titration of some derivatives of barbituric acid.
scanning electron microscopic study of chylomicrons incubated with lipoproteinlipase.
Metabolic acidosis and intravenous injections of fat emulsions  role ofphospholipids
experimental study  .
theoretic significance of pH dependence of narcotics and narcotic antagonists in clinical anesthesia.
effects of training on biochemical values in standardbred horses.
acid-base values of standardbred horses recovering from strenuous exercise.
identification of immunoglobulins associated with complement fixation,agglutination
and low pH buffered antigen tests for brucellosis.
certain characteristics of the infective agent of feline infectious peritonitis.
"Aspiration disease".
editorial  Beta adrenergic blockade for prophylaxis against recurrent myocardial infarction and sudden death.
the use of electron paramagnetic resonance in studies of free and bound divalent cation  the measurement of membrane potentials in mitochondria.
specific chemical groups involved in the control of ionic conductance in nerve.
redox and ATP in acid secretion.
Presence of Culiseta  Climacura  melanura  Coquillet
1902  in Quebec .
An ambivalent product normalizing gastric pH; application of a telemetric method Heidelberg's capsule  .
mobility of Filipino nurse.
neurotransmitter receptors in the brain  biochemical identification.
hypothalamic hormones.
susceptibility to infection in the neonatal period
iI
nutrition.
plasmid-mediated penicillin beta-lactamases in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
immunosuppressant activity of the ansamycins.
in vitro susceptibility studies with josamycin and erythromycin.
the primary acceptor of bacterial photosynthesis  its operating midpointpotential?
properties of the flash-induced proton binding encountered in membranes ofRhodopseudomonas sphaeroides  a functional pK on the ubisemiquinone?
ubiquinone-cytochrome b electron and proton transfer  a functional pK oncytochrome b50 in Rhodopseudomonas sphaeroides membranes.
acylation of steryl glucosides by phospholipids
solubilization and properties ofthe acyl transferase.
pH-dependent leaving group effects on hydrolysis reactions of phosphate andphophonate esters catalyzed by wheat germ acid phosphatase.
nADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase.
nuclear magnetic resonance studies on pyridine dinucleotides
the pH dependenceof the carbon-13 nuclear magnetic resonance of NAD+ analogs.
interaction of hemopexin with water-soluble porphyrins.
circular dichroism of aggregated deoxyhemoglobin S and the effect of amino acids.
butyrate-induced glycolipid biosynthesis in HeLa cells  properties of the inducedsialyltransferase.
a protease that increases during a period of enzymic and metabolic adjustment in Tetrahymena.
conditions affecting protein synthesis in amphibian oocytes.
studies on avian erythrocyte metabolism
effect of organic phosphates on oxygenaffinity of embryonic and adult-type hemoglobins of the chick embryo.
induction of microsomal stearyl coenzyme A desaturase in the newly hatchedchicks.
nADH-dependent O-deethylation of p-nitrophenetole with rabbit liver microsomes.
kinetics and mechanism of the F1 isozyme of horse liver aldehyde dehydrogenase.
chicken liver fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase purfication and some properties.
evidence for two variants of poly adenosine diphosphate ribose  glycohydrolase inrat testis.
on the mechanism of action of alkylguanidines in oxidative phosphorylation  theiraction on soluble F1.
oxygenase properties of crystallized fraction 1 protein from tobacco.
estrogen-dependent trypsin-like activity in the rat uterus
localization ofactivity in the 12,000g pellet and nucleus.
activity of imidazole on the hydrolysis of cyclic AMP and cyclic GMP by bovineheart and rat liver cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases.
