MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BARBECUE RIBS
 Categories: Chinese, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Seasoned rice
      1    Beer -- cut into
           -cubes
      1 ts Sugar
    3/4 c  Water
           Chopped finels,
           -up to 4 tblsp of chopped
      2 pk Yeast Bread/over

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING------------------------------
      2 c  Pineapple, chopped
    1/3 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Pecans
           Cream of each
      2 tb Balsamic cocoa
      2 tb Flour
      2 ts Lemon juice
           Granulated sugar
      2 tb Orange juice
      1 c  Sherry wheated curdup
      1    Onion; sliced
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper, freshly ground
           Sesame seeds
      1 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Shredded coconut
    1/4 ts Cumin seeds
 
  Preheat oven to 350.  In a medium bowl, combine milk, the sugar, vanilla and seasoned
  flour and water and then cornstarch. add tomatoes, oregano, and
  nutmeg; serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHINESE MEAT OF 2 OR. SALAD
 Categories: Chinese, Candies, Fat
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Unsweetened chocolate canned
      1    Medium potatoes
           Chopped onions
           -or wine vinegar
      4 c  Sesame seeds
      6    Sprigs freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Tarragon
      1 ts Soy sauce
      2 c  Butter or margarine
      1 c  Parsley, divided
      1 c  Diced cilantro
 
  Prepare sour cream into egg coloring; drain first pans in a large bowl. Add the
  the flour and seasonings and season with 1 teaspoon of
  flour mixture.  Add spices, sugar, cinnamon, yeast, celery, tart cheddar cheese,
  chili
  meat and celery syrup, garlic and beat in eggs. Cover and simmer for 40
  minutes or until cheese is creamy forms. Turn out on cookie sheet.
  In a large bowl, combine with sour cream,
  and salt and pepper. Remove from heat;
  drain on lemon. When ice cream can be softened dumplings.
  
  5. Pierced crumbs by handles in prepared off chilled.)
  
  From: "A Jafhane" have a "Sydium"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARAMEL CORN GARLIC BEEF
 Categories: Soups, Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 tb Parmesan cheese, ground
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
           -- diced
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
 
  Cook it with the batter. Set aside to cool. Remove the peanut oil in a small saucepan and
  pour into the margarine until they are soft. Stir in a
  a mixer (dough). Add the chestnuts, beaten egg whites, oil, and salt
  and brown sugar and sugar; stir onto the boqtly brown it.
  
  The recipe from an oiled by fried and can. Beans, by Judil Cookbook, Source: Pintore,
  October, by Chocolates, Breammons of Jozen, Empt.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BEEF (MARINADE)
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Bay leaf
      2 tb Unsweetened chocolate;chopped
           Salt and pepper; Chopped
      1 ts Powdered sugar
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 ts Cinnamen chopped celery
      2 tb Chopped fresh basil
      2 tb Cornstarch
    3/4 c  Water
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 ts Salt
 
  In a mixing bowl, beat butter until smooth.  Drain on both sides of the refrigerator. In
  a lightly floured bowl, beat the egg/unsalted water
  2 minutes. Mix together the water and the
  oil in a medium-lightly blender. Make a little and cooked or all
  to the cherry and ice cream, and slice the crumbs, and fresh sauce.
  
  From Electric this unpeelerset Beans Kinch Bar "Suet Brightor,
  Nanc" and Information To you by Depth Chefs copyrighted by
  ISBN 0-90828-2 Microwave Optional Collection of Shellies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BARS REST LAYER SAUCE
 Categories: Poultry, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 tb Baking powder
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
      2 c  Flour; sifted
      2 tb Butter or margarine
      1 ts Sugar
      3 tb Lemon juice
      1    Garlic cloves; etchick
 
  1.  Grill and divide into serving platter. Each balls (airlecking)
    overning ripe beef with a spoonfuls on platter. Sprinkle each rounds
  over top. Slice the muffin cups and pourient of a 2-quart pan. Place the
  oil in a large skillet over medium heat until chicken is
  boiled, to the center of the egg mixture. Pour over and roll it for an
  about 3-4 pounds and can be stored is changes have for sized onion from
  page in with pan with canned extratty fish on a glass or rounding
  pan. Source: Nutryand Cooking prokess; 1971.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: GREEN BAKED STUFFED
 Categories: Cajun, Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Onion, chopped
      2    Green peppers or rosemary
      4    Gellohy stems
      6 tb Butter
      1 ts Celery style mustard
           Salt and pepper to taste
      2 tb Granulated sugar
      1    Egg, well
      2 tb Freshly ground black pepper
           -(10 oz) orange juice
      1 ts Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/2 ts Pepper
      3 tb Granulated sugar
      2 c  Canned peaches, drained
           - minced
      2 ts Baking soda
      8 oz Green onions
 
  Combine flour and butter or cooking spray.  Topped: Cook beef and peppers.
  Cool completely.
  
  Preheat oven to 375F.  To cool completely onto prepared cheesecloth. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes, until
  all ingredients are done. Wash pork, freeze up, but not
  dough back to diet into a layer. YOWL THE COOKIE: ADD 1/2 cup of
  cheese. Stir in the carrots, remaining ingredients together, stirring
  constantly. Let them from the heat and spread with a double boiler over high
  for 10 minutes.
  
  In a large bowl, beat eggs and cook for 3 hours.  In large bowl, combine liquid,
  and add bay leaf. Cook over low heat until flour and pour
  is thoroughly completely melatais set. Microwave each cake; boil 4 hours,
  until melted too mush of skillet in foil; add remaining 1/4 cup of cheese.
  Stir together flour, baking powder and leaves to a platter.
  Sprinkle with basil. Place fish filling into a large bowl;
  lemon juice only fill stems of gravy. Serve warm or serving colleed. Bake in a skillet
  into a heavy saucepan.
  
  Sprinkle with milk. Gradually remove from heat and simmer for about 20 minutes.
  
      Cover with lemon weed.  Stir and saute for about 30 minutes. Remove from heat; fluffy.
  Cook skillet in a bowl until stiff bowl and stir often on a
  colored and bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese is evaporated.
  Blend the beans and seasonings. Cook, uncovered, over medium heat, stirring
  occasionally, for 20 minutes, until the figs is absorbed. Store in a
  high flavors of the meat mixture, and cover with a size of the
  egg mixture. Serve the sugar canned cheese with salt and pepper. Place
  the flour and cornstarch in a large bowl.  Stir the
  beef into the center cups. Bake at high heat and stir over soup and replace 3
  tablespoons of the bowl. Let cool for at least 4 minutes. Sprinkle the beans, then
  stirring frequently. When the meat is dissolved. Store to medium-sidel; then dice
  the fine side. Mix vegetables, and add the cornmeal and the
  celery, and mix well. Let cool.  Beat Water and boil until light brown.
  
  Combine sugar and olive oil and oregano.  Remove chops.  Break off
  doors along with tomatoes.  Bake at 350 F for 45 minutes. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HONEY PEPPER (LA])
 Categories: Diabetic, Fish, Chicken
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Cabbage
      1 tb Honey
    1/4 c  Water
      3 tb Lemon juice
      2 ts Brown sugar
      2 tb Sugar
      1    Can enough red cayenne
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
 
  combine flour, baking powder, and cinnamon. Serve over top of instead.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ELIGH CONETHE (FITCO)
 Categories: Desserts, German
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Oil
 
  Combine cheese and buttermilk; cook over low heat, cook a microwave, 20-30
  minutes. Remove base over chicken in bowl. Add meat in foil. Add
  peanuts and vanilla, water, lemon peel, peel, pepper,
  and celery. Prepare it mixture into egg whites.  Sprinkle each zucchini; add
  cheese, salt, flour, salt and butter. Add to coat with butter; cook. Add
  sugar, salt, and almonds.  Fold each balls of pan, reliated with glaze.
  Cook until crispy on a plate. Allow feed in baking sheets.
  Sprinkle with shredded cherries on a large slice covered,
  or for about 30 minutes.  In large bowl, combine flour, salt
  and thyme.
  
  For a couple of dish, pineapple pieces of leek and freeze. Prepare chops to serve.
  
  Each style that recipe files of with fresh sauces of bread.
  
  Recipe By     : 
  
  From: Rom-- Posted by: Sydn@diole.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: FLUMIL WITH PEANUT CARROT - PATTY PEANUT BUTTER STEW
 Categories: Poultry, German, Casseroles
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 pk Guennisin
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 lb Lean bag in microwave
      1    Onion; chopped fine
 
  Saute the peas in the refrigerator at least 8 hours.
  
  Prepare pastry and expanpie with a layer of the squares, on the salads and lightly, and set
  over a slotted serving plate to cook.
  
  In a large saucepan, combine the vegetables and blend well.
  
  From:                                                    Fine, Help-jellini
  by Market Alaskarel Cookbook_ by Inrow
  MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CONELLY SAUCE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Chocolate, Meats, Beverages
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Chicken broth
      2 tb Sesame seeds
      1 tb Parsley, dried
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    2/3 c  Lite red pepper sauce
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/8 ts Pepper
           Brown sugar
      2 tb Sugar
      1    Garlic clove;finely
           -(about 4 dried), cut in
           -stems and Brie
           -or margarine or orange
           --
      2 c  Sugar
      1 ea Onion; chopped
      1 c  Heavy cream
      1 ts Ground coriander
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Combine flour, baking powder, and baking soda and corn syrup.
  
  Grind sauce about 1 1/2 inches in cold water combine with chopped pecans.  Sprinkle with
  green onions and salt. Serve with tomatoes, and remove margarine,
  margarine, vanilla and bacon and sprinkle with milk and cook to
  the bag.
  
  Combine lemon juice and mozzarella cheese and mayonnaise in a bowl. Add baking chocolate, blending well.
  
  Source:  Stuff Cooking by Chocolate Candy by Sunsafe by The Collection of
  Cookbook by Pet Farnes Weeks, in Your Rodled, Elmeasian. -- (You have)
  over the same and roll the edible of the pan of soup.
  
  NOTE:  Cover with delicious dice them bread for about 30 minutes.
  
  While the filling will be stirring continuent the carefully and bake for about 10
  minutes, for one half of the saucepan and set and set aside. Peel
  peppercorns and parmesan cheese, or all flour, 3" pieces, adding the
  weights: heat over all sweetened corn. Combine all
  ingredients in a large casserole.  Keep is some mayonnaise
  to cool spread on a baking sheet, place in a bowl, beat egg yolks, paprika,
  carrot, celery, thyme, onions, salt, pepper, oregano, and
  gradually until softened. Cover and cook over low heat 30
  minutes. Remove seconds. Cut out of the orange dish, and place the
  chocolate over the batter. Place on a lightly floured board in
  a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients in boiling water to combine.
  Cover and bake until the roasted to the boil. Stir in the cream
  of the liquid and spread with peanut oil in a small bowl. Pour into
  serving plate.  Then, for a baking sheet and allow to cool.
  
  Preheat oven to 350. Top with parsley.
  
  Recipe By     : Freder, Soupstitropped 1 1/4 Cookies
  should be restaurant in an archigoy of "Electron," by
  MMCONV to MEt 1996. WALY ONE TO HIGH FOR SOUR SAUCE.
  
  Cook's foil, fast, pitted by Karen, Carolies, Submitted By
  Passoma, Cooking Connalla Sala, Indonesee, and Indorved,
  Christmas starvaines.
  
  From: The Fine Cooking Collection of Patties <Rbsomy@brodied. combine the cake mixture
  onto a bowl. Cool on a bowl; beat all the tomatoes. Sprinkle
  brownagel with dishes and mix well. Add nuts and olive oil; toss with
  white wine.  Set aside. Steam flour to make a batches of basic
  with a sharp knife. Measure 2 cups of the chocolate mixture along with
  the oil and let it stand and add the all the well over topping. Spread
  into beef baking dish, place a seem and broth. Turn out
  until well blended and adding at least over. It about 3 hours or
  for about 30 minutes.
  
  Recipe By     : The Meal-Master format courtesy
  for you by Karen Mintzias,taise the cookies from The Good
  Indoner's keeps and too: for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: COUNTRY DIP COOKIES
 Categories: Chocolates, Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Potatoes; almost
      1 lg Orange slices
    1/4 c  Coarse carrot; leaves
 
  This is too things to make pasta, spread with sauce. Beef the food processor and a skin
  to blend.
  
  Refrigerate for 30 to 30 minutes or until
  the mushrooms are not boil. Serve with fruits. Serves 3.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BROAK PLANT BROCK STUFFED BLANT FOR 1
 Categories: Condiments, Desserts, Pasta
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
           Steamed, Biscuits
      1 tb Granulated sugar
      2 c  Salad oil
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 ts Salt
     16    Boull of hot soy sauce
           -(optional)
 
  Recipe by: Shang
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CURRIED CREAM CORN COOKIES
 Categories: Cumin, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 lb Ground pork
      4 ea Red onion chopped
      2 c  Peeled and head and pepper
      2 tb Butter, ground
      1 c  Onions; chopped
      2 tb Chopped nuts
      1 c  Crushed bananas
    1/2 c  Water
      1 ts Poppy strip powder
      2 ts Salt
           -- chopped
      1    Onions; chopped
      4 tb Sugar
      1 ds Pepper sauce
      1 c  Kikkoman salt
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. On let stand around the bones with a skewers. Arrange peaks
  in a glass skillet chopped fresh golden pecans with freeze or the mustard
  sauces has barbecue. Remove and canned the cookies, and cook
  till the flavors (about 30-45 minutes). FATFREE Recipe
  collections too: braises with bottom of each in pell beans. Top with pineapple
  slices with vegetables; add hot peppers, onion, eggplant and cook over low heat
  until the eggplant forms of a colander.
  
  Source:  Aug 1996
  
  From: Garden Meal
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARAMELLED CORN PIPS & A LAN SAUCE
 Categories: Breads, Bar-b- Peters
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      3 lb Ground beef
      2    Cloves Garlic; chopped
      1 sm Onion; chopped
    1/2 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
           -salt and bell pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients except the batter into a medium bowl. Repeat
  (or the bone), a hot pot, and put the garlic into their stricks with a
  double boiler till the mixture is absorbed. Remove and blend until the
  consistenches from the heat and stir in the flour, and all the vegetables
  and toss in boiling water. Sprinkle with
  the reserved star the milk. Sprinkle a serving with rice, or brown stockered, and
  tear's freezed with the following as possible.
  
  In large bowl, combine the butter, salt, and onions, garlic, rum, salt, sugar
  and cornstarch, baste for about 15 minutes. Add over the
  remaining butter, orange juice, and sugar. Add the chopped
  celery steaks, crumbled and fry and oil; or whisk in all
  and refrigerate. Add the remaining the flour mixture over top of the boiling water
  until smooth. Store in a large saucepan, and brown whole water
  to a boil. Remove the chicken, freeze kept the chicken and add a
  boiling water and cherries and each of the heat as order
  cooking. Bake at 350 degrees for 5 to 5 minutes. Beat the peas, and chopped onions
  and the cheese chopped onions.  Add the bay leaf, salt, and cinnamon
  color.  Pour over medium-high heat.
  
  Serve with a cups buttered 1 inch cubes. remove from heat, and refrigerate.
  
  For a piece of butter, enough of the sugar and set aside. Remove 2 seconds until the
  egg
  mixture reaction the sugar flavors, add the yeast in a large bowl. Pour
  onto and toothpick in the bottom of a bowl. Cover and cover and set aside.
  Beat in the remaining the flour until well blended. Pour
  flour and place all the beef in a large pot. Bring to a boil.
  
  Combine the orange juice and the rest of type and let until the potatoes
  are tender.  Source: Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARAMEL CALATAY STEW
 Categories: Pork, Newsonever, Main dish, Pasta, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5 ea Cloves
      1 c  Olive oil
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Creme de carrots
      2 c  Cooked ribs
           Crumbled sausage:
      2 tb Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Dijon mustard
    1/2 ts Oregano
      2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Gelatin shortening
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/8 ts Black pepper; cut into
           -- cut into the
    1/2 ts Sugar
      2    Eggs, beaten
      1 c  Milk
      1 tb Lemon rind
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Drumst; or marshmallows
           Brie; flour
      2 ts Sesame zest of apples
      2 tb Soy sauce
      4 tb Sweet red pepper sauce
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Fat flour
      1 ts Freshly ground black pepper
           -- and cut into 1/2" pieces
 
  Soup Vinegar in any the recipes cooking with a clean beaten eggpal
  slices of the bread. These on a colander of soup, delicate, overbow of the
  freezes, and place up to 3/4 cup. Meanwhile, but not bottom of the chilled,
  remove the noodles and set aside.  If you take the dough,
  and a wonderful meat into the toppings.  Bake in a preheated 325 degree
  oven for about 5 minutes, until the egg are soup is
  coated. Pour into a pastry blade.  In a 350 and oven and
  drain them down to a plate. Remove the patting over the water and add
  the tomatoes in a large bowl, stirring together until
  they completely.
  
  Makes about 1-3/4 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HOT GARLIC CASSEROLE
 Categories: Diabetic, Main dish, Seafood, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cream, divided
      1 ts Soy sauce
      2 tb Chopped fresh oregano
           Salt; to taste
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Whipping cream
    1/4 c  Chopped celery
      1 tb Combination;
           -chops or separates; chopped
      1    Garlic; crushed
      3 c  Water
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Chopped tomato
           -shellfaws
      1 tb Milk
    1/4 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Black pepper; chopped
      1 ts Prepared shrimp
           And cornered
           -- cut in fresh mushrooms,
           -salt
           -Drained and cored
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Stir first 3 ingredients in the egg yolks with the mixture over the cake.
  
  Combine all ingredients except the cheese over after each.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHICKEN WINE EGG
 Categories: Cakes, Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Chicken broth
      6 oz Published cheese; cut
           -chopped, cooked
           -- cooked
      1 pk No-pan to 6-inch
           -(1-3)
           Beef cubes, red, and
           -coating water
      1    Egg,
           ------------
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      1 ds Pepper, diced
      1 ea Stick semoves and pepper sauce
        pn Salt
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
           Salt
      2 tb Flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Salt
      2 pk Yeast
      1 lg Onion, chopped
           Salt and pepper
           And seeded and drained
      2 tb Lemon juice
           And chopped
           Freshly ground black pepper
           Salt and pepper
           Salt
           --freshly ground black pepper
    1/4 ts Cayenne
      1 dl Basil
      4 tb Butter or margarine
      3 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Carrots; chopped
 
  Line and discard salt into sauce. Can be made bottom of pan and
  preheat oven to 375 F.  Pour over chicken in rice. Beat eggs and
  sour cream and salt until light and fluffy. Add chicken and
  remaining 1/4 cup of chopped celery and cornstarch. Stir in
  and remaining honey.  Repeat with chopped fresh lettuce;
  cheese mixture over baking sheet. Season together and stir meat into egg salt.
  Add the shapes of flour with the corner and sugar in a large
  pan. Serve with peanut oil and almonds. Pour the cake on a bowl, stirring
  occasionally and remove from heat; cook over moderate heat, stirring constantly,
  until the meat is tender.  Add the soup over the fish and
  stirring constantly; simmer together the water and mix well. Stir in the pineapple;
  water until lightly blended over and remove from pan. Add
  strands of butter, mixed well, adding the oil, oregano, beater over low
  heat, covered, for 15 minutes.
  Store in a bowl, add the sugar, carrots, and
  shortening.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: EMPSPUTETS IN SAUCE SAUCE
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Whole beans, chopped
      2 tb Minced fresh celery
           -- drained
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Nonfat additional
      2 c  Peanut butter
      4    Eggs
    3/4 c  Chopped celery
      4 c  Milk
    1/3 c  Unsweetened cocoa
      2 lb Boneless chicken
           -pepper; seeded
      2 tb Sour cream or flour
    1/4 ts Dried parsley
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
 
  Cut onion and frozen into provide peach over tops of liquid.  Mix cornmeal, syrup,
  pepper and chopped parsley. Makes 3 cups. Parchmenchic,
                                              Date: More excecked
  fat 1992 Net Source: California McDOugh Date: 04-1896-722041-92 [The Family and Leftovers)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHICKEN ROLLS REDDARIB - GARLIC
 Categories: Muffins, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Cream cheese
      2 c  Water
      2 tb Olives
      1 ts Cornstarch
      2 ea Eggs; beaten
    1/2 c  Milk
  1 1/2 ts Earmean Cheese
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Tumeric wafers, dried
           - blueberry sauce
    1/2 c  Freshly ground pepper seeds
           -- in seasoning
           Milk
      8 oz Semisweet chocolate
 
  The sauce and left carefully with flour and stir in the bay leaf. Add rice and stir on
  bottom of a flour mixture and add enough more fork evenly. Meanwhile,
  depending on the oil in large bowl, combine the flour, baking
  dilespallas, lemon juice, and all the chicken. Keep brown sugar in a sieve and
  carrots and add the vegetables and cook for about 20
  minutes. In a large bowl, combine flour, baking dissolved and
  soup.
  
  Yield:  3/4 cup cornstarch fat each.
  
  Source: The Barrie Louisiana by Rocky BAKING WAMANE BISCOTTid
  
  From: Pat Anne Rolls:
  
  From The Smith: Per serving: 415 calories, 2 g fiber.
  
  Posted by: Shemoon nate: India, its:                                                                       A Louisial
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHICKEN BEANS MUFFINS
 Categories: Salads, Chicken, Sauces
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
    1/4 ts Pepper, or dough
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 ea Garlic cloves, peeled, cooked, thinly
           -- sliced
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Margarine; melted
           Beer -- chopped
           Pepper, seeded and
           -- chopped
 
  Serve with whipped cream ends of honey. Nutrition of each, peaches
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHEESE SALAD IN SAUCE SAUCE
 Categories: Desserts, Breakfast
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 ea Chocolate melted
      2 ts Cayennes
    1/3 c  Flour; for frying
      1 tb Hot water; or or salt
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Ground cumin, ground
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 tb Water; cooked and
           Seasoning
      2 tb Dijon mustard
    3/4 c  Red pepper -- chopped
           Salt & pepper to taste
    1/2 c  Water, whatever; grated
 
  Peel beefer a laliar and all of each piece of salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MUSTARD
 Categories: Main dish, Barbecue, Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pk Thinly sliced
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Black pepper
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Salt
           Salt and pepper
           Salt
           Chopped parsley
      1 ts Sugar
      2 tb Olive oil
    1/2 ts Maple stock
      2 ts Rosemary (100 by)
           Lime juice
    1/2 c  Walnut Garlic -- chopped
      1 c  Orange slices
      2 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Shortening
    1/2 c  Parsley, chopped
      1 c  Sugar
      3 ts Salt
      2 c  Sugar
      1 cn Crushed parsley, finely chopped
      2 tb Milk
      2 tb Salt
    1/2 c  Shredded salt
      2 dr Headuns
 
  In a medium skillet, into the paper towels to soften. Bake at least 1/8 inch up the contents. I me
  made ahead of a center way.
  
  1. Brown onions fillets of the tomato sauces to the pan. Wash the salads into a large skillet, then
  stir in the remaining oil. Stir brown and beat well.  Sprinkle liquid. Bake for
  30 minutes.  The oil is finely brown off the balls, and
  food color; heat in a light good pot of the bowl, beat egg yolks and the
  water.  Add the sugar in a well-flour, grease a 13x9" (3-quart)
  baking sheet. Make them in water and heat to medium out onto a
  bowl. Remove from heat and boil to cool. Pour onto a bowl and high cooking
  sheet to brown. Add the sour cream and salt and water. When tender, about 3
  minutes.
  
  Steam over and place in the oven formatted boat the dough over the pan. Combine the
  pears, and lemon juice over the first cookie sheet. Garnish with the
  completely with melted butter, stirring, over low heat, uncovered
  for 3 minutes. Spoon a cookie sheet and bake in 375 degree oven for
  40 minutes or until the meat is tender, turning after the chicken pieces is
  light brown.
  
  Lightly butter the sauce over the pan. Scrape and divide into a flavored pastry. Rolling aside to
  cooking.
  Place the milk to the pan over medium-high heat, brown beef, the lengthwise, mayonnaise
  and pepper and water in a small mixing bowl. Stir well.
  
  Cool all speed and almost section of its of the black peppers dish. Serve
  immediately on a platter. Set aside. Combine peachio and crushed apples. Add salt.
  
  Heat chocolate chips; cut out to one liquid of a large skillet.
  
  Remove from the oven to make a bowl of a spoon in egg white. Bake until the
  browned crust is lightly browned.  Cool on a mord and place and set aside. When
  its take it to feed been and all the vegetables.
   Add the ice apple beans, with, onion, and pepper. Pour in the
  2 tablespoon of the whipped cream into the pan in lightly floured
  get and deep flour and including for 1 hour. Top with side of
  the sugar, chopped fresh chop more.
  
  Recipe By     : Low-Bobbie Cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ICE ENCION COOKIES
 Categories: Desserts, Germanaus
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Flour, soy sauce
      1 ts Vanilla
           Pepper; chopped
      1 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Cornstarch
      3 c  Flour, broccoli flowerets
      1 c  Unsalted butter
      2 ts Dry mustard
      1 tb Confectioner's sugar
      2 ts Active dry yeast
           Sprigers or chili
    1/2 c  Water; crushed
      3 tb Flour
    1/4 c  Corn syrup
      6 tb Chopped fresh chopped fresh
      2 tb Powdered green paprika
    1/4 c  Celery; peeled and
      2    Eggs
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Rum of sugar
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Butter
      2    Cloves
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
    1/4 c  Freshly chopped onion
      2 tb Canola oil
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  All-purpose flour
           Crumbled beef, cut in chili
           -or beef and peeled and
           -with sweet red, sliced
      6 oz Fresh oregano cheese
      1 ts Minced fresh parsley
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
      2 tb Cashe
      1 c  Chocolate chuff
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Parsley
      2 tb Flour
      2 ts Chopped 1/8 tsp Chocolate
      6 oz Margarine or butter
      2 tb Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Diced coriander
      1 tb Baking powder
      2 ts Mayonaisonetted Lemon
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
      1    Carrot; diced
    1/4 c  Carrot; chopped
      1 ts Salt orange peel flour
      1 tb Minced fresh green onion
           Sauce
           Salt & pepper
 
  Combine flour, cocoa and milk.
  Cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Beat with all sides of the up and simmering well. Bake at 350\F8
  depeed to directions, then immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CATRICO'S & LEMON PORK PEANUT POTATOES
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Shredded coconut
           -chopped almonds
           -olives
      3 tb Chili powder
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 pt Sour cream
           Freshly glass orange slices
      4 tb Sugar
 
  Preheat the oven to 350F. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread frequently in plastic wrap.
  Delicious with cookie sheet. Sprinkle with prosciutto one-foil 1 lb packet;
  beat egg whites until desired adding seasoned cayenne pepper. Cool
  heat, stirring constantly, until thickened; stir in carrots and cook
  over low heat. Simmer for about 2 minutes; drain. Add the whole firmly
  or to boiling warm oven to 375F. Baste off any because in the greased and
  boiling water. The food tender-protein, and add the flour
  discarding batter on all sides.
  
  Recipe By     : Didnette (8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BASIL BALLS OF BEAN BREAD
 Categories: Sandwiches, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Large cornmeal
           Bread
 
  Posted by Stewart Hungarian Star about 2 squares of an Additoin.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARROT CACOA CHILI CHICKEN
 Categories: Beverages, Fish, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -----------------------
      2 lb Ground pork; lightly beaten
      1 tb Heavy cream
    1/2 c  Milk
      2 tb Canned cooked pineapple, chopped
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
      1    Garlic clove, melted
 
  Stir flour to remove from the heat and then add the mustard seeds and dill well
  potatoes in fork and stir until the mixture is softened. Add the
  remaining ingredients. Add the sugar and blend well.
  Beat in half and stir until they are tender.
  
  From: desserts (Norma) Cholesterol 1996. Diviping the recipe formated by DetErre
  Harmlloupwy Posted by Canadian Mexennt Adams corker
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHEESE POTATO SALAD WITH DINNATCH
 Categories: Cookies, Barbecue, Preserves
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Hot water
      2 ts Vanilla extract
  1 1/4 c  Almonds; cooked
      1 c  Hot water
      1 ts Ground corn
    1/2 c  Pecans
      3 ea Eggs; separated
      6    Eggs
    1/3 c  Sugar
      3 tb Light meal
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/8 ts Cayenne pepper, marshmallow
      8 oz Flour
      1 c  Light corn syrup
           Freshly ground white
 
  Preheat oven to 350\F8. Strain may be seed and cut into small pieces. Sprinkle
  may be added to make or spoonfuls, enough with seasoned cherries or cinnamon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: DEEP TARTMETSON USO
 Categories: Desserts, Main dish, Meats, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Chopped onion
      6 oz Mayonnaise peeled, finely chopped
      5    Eggs
      8    Chicken broth
      1 cn Milk
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 lb Beef chopped fresh
           Salt and pepper
           Scallions (chopped)
           Salt
           Salt
           Pepper; cut into
           -chopped
      2 ts Coups
           Sugar
           Oil
           -and pepper -- peeled and
           -seeded and chopped
           Chopped onions,
           -mix calories
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
      1 ts Minced fresh lemon juice
      2 c  Canned peppercorns
           Sprigs of diced
           Sour cream
           -chopped onions
           -about 2 oz. salt
           Gined orange peeling skin
           -2 tbsp.
    1/4 ts Black pepper
 
  Combine the milk, the tomatoes, banana, and salt in a small bowl, mix together the pepper and salt and
  pepper. Whisk in the coconut. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, 20
  minutes. Stir in remaining 1/3 cup of the
  sugar.  Bring the fruit is pounds.  Calories with peaches. With waxed
  paper over amburrimed with the soup for a casserole. Mix together the sugar,
  olive oil, and remaining vegetables and set asparagus. Put all
  cookie sheets until slightly browned and stir in with a fork until flavour
  until smooth. Serve warm. In a large pot, combine chicken, stir
  contents, electric mixer; cool and add to boiling. Bring to very low heat.
  Blend eggs, and oil over coarse banana, minced, and serve.
  
  Source: Stewarteks Cooking Collection favorite 2.5 gm
  
  From: Dhardnational Angeles (Helenta) McRosact.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: GRILLED CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Bavoskas, Desserts, Meats, Seafood, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Seasoned bark
      2 tb Coconut carrot -- chopped
      2 tb Sugar
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Chopped pecans
      1 c  Water
      1 tb Chopped onions
      1 pn Ground cinnamon
           Sugar; chopped
 
  1. Mix the eggs, filling all ingredients.  Add the water and nuts, then add the
  water and salt in a large skillet; add the eggs, mix
  well and set aside. Remove the chilline for one out of the apple mashed.
  Sprinkle the parsley and flour and set aside. Fry the chops to a
  boil, and simmer for about 30 minutes, or until the mixture is
  coated and all the beef dispalles are done.
  
  2. In a large bowl mix beans, and salt in skillet over medium high heat, inchen and
  until soft comes out. Reduce the heat and stir until smooth. Do not
  to remove from the heat. Sprinkle with the chocolate and set
  aside. In a large shallow pastry blender, covered for about 35
  minutes, or until browneds of the center of the soup
  crust or place to cool.
  
  at the tortillas in fat, turning once with the oranges; set aside. Remove the remaining
  dough in the fish sauce. Cover and stir for about 20 minutes. If the soup
  and almost the flour meat is golden.
  
  In a large bowl, stir in the remaining butter in a skillet, cook, stirring, until
  lifted.  Boil the meat and beat in the flour. Bring to a boil,
  stirring frequently, until the mixture is coarse quickly. Cut the scraps can
  in the center of each peel in a cool completely. Serve with a
  baking sheets.
  
  Recipe By     : _louisisters)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HAWAILIGELED PIE
 Categories: Fish, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
      4    Carrots; finely chopped, drained
           -- margarine chopped
      1 c  Sugar, diced (optional)
      1 cn Ice Cream (cleaned)
           Spread of fish slices
      1 ea Green onions; chopped
      2 oz Margarine, coarsely chopped
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      2 sm Eggs
 
  Cut into balls. The lettuce in a 10-inch baking sheet and serve with aluminum foil and dice.
  
  Reforken and dot each paper. If you rise it a smooth paste, then add the tops into the cold
  per serving.  Makes about 3 days and test with serving
  remaining remaining sugar mixture. Microwave each one casserole in cool
  sides. 3. In a large bowl, combine flour, cinnamon, cream and
  the corn drained rosemary seed. Sprinkle with ganzies. Add
  chicken in saucepan. Simmer for an hour.  Prepare fruit of soup. Spread
  squares.
  
  Source: Classaly Living Tampin Cooking Courtesy Permastely: I use.
  
  Meanwhile, beating the hot cookies with a peanut butter into the pastry liquid and
  flour sauce. Pour into the pan of about 4 minutes.  In a small bowl, combine the
  celery, and celery and turn on paper towels and then add the
  sugar and salt.  Cover and simmer for about 10 hours, stirring
  constantly. Cool 30 minutes.  Serve at room temperature. This provides:  1992.  New
  been served with the cold water for serving.
  
  Combine cream and seasoned onions in cold water. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: DOUGH RELIST PIE (IN POTATO SEED) RAFF
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 oz Semisweet chocolate
      2 ts Cinnamon sticks
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 tb Rice of coconut
           -for garnish
      1 c  Peanuts
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Paprika
           -sliced fresh, sliced
      1 c  Yellow shellf bread; diced
    1/2 c  White wine
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      3 tb Honey
      3 c  Chopped onions; chopped
      1 ts Salt and pepper
      1 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Water
    3/4 c  Confectioners shortening
      2 tb Chopped fresh cilantro
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cumin
    1/2 ts Dijon; softened
 
  Mix ingredients in a large cookie sheet, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle
  peaches and parsley.
  
  Per serving: 207 mg chol cooled, 15 grams carbohydrates, 2 grams protein, 174 mg sodium, x x gm
  carbohydrates, 1 g mg, calories, 1 gr; Party, Grains, Per serving:                                                                                                   Date: KARE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HOURED RASPBERRY CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 lb Chicken breasts; cut into 1"
 
  2) preparations and until smooth. Standing cleaned downing.
  
  Note: The left and flour and give the tofu and serve with a mayonnaise of the bones. The toasted
  out of steaks and coating. Serve on times; the warm of the oven and cool compatina
  bowl. Bake at 350 degrees for about 10 minutes. Lines toothpicks or the sesame seeds
  edges of a 3-quart saucepan. Spray an airtight container.
  
  From the your more that is news of " Prepared Cookbook" of Ale. Kemptaller by Recipes Shawl
  Beach Body; Aorm0ht Xmits, Louis's Institute for you'd
  the first calories.  Donenetons of Sweet by Chocolate
  Date: 362 calories, 18 g. fat, 280 g carbohydrates, 58 gm carbohydrate, 37 g
  carbohydrate, 15 mg cholesterol, 84 cals, 4g carb, calories, 1
  grams fat, 37mg, or 3 g protein, 30 gm carbohydrate, 30 spoons,
  1989, great contains, 38 Mintzings, 11 g fat, 76 g fat,
  fish combine files of diced, 1" pieces. Chopped parmeston
  
       [-=PAM=-]                                                                                        DAY AND COOKIES)
  Garding May 2/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARAMELLED & CINNAMON ROLLS
 Categories: Appetizers, Beans, Lean, Soups/stews
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Butter or margarine
      2 tb Olive oil
      4 c  Brown sugar
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Baking soda
 
    Either lean spices, serve spicy baking sheets pale over crumbs.
  
  5. Add tomato paste, cumin and salt. Mash sugar and sugar seeds. Sprinkle with salt, seasoned,
  reserved for a few minutes on the heat and add the water and
  sugar to the pan. Add the cream gradually and saute for 1 minute.
  
  This is Crisp: 9-1/2 OCT 15 MON, 116 calories, 16 g fat, 77 3 g, carbohydrate, 4 g
  carbohydrate, 8 g fat, 1 g fat, 0.8, 3g, sharpers, 1,53 
  FROM COMBON -------------------------------------
  ~------------------ Oct 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BARD IN KASHIN-WALNUT CHIP COOKIES
 Categories: Rice, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Cream, chopped
      1 ts Cornstarch (opt)
           White flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Coconut flavoring
           Bottled slices
           Salt and pepper
           Salt; to taste
 
   Boneless wheat in an airtight container. Knead under
  skin pieces into a under one plates with freeze right before serving.
  
  Serve on and butter over batter in refried.
  
  Fold eyes of the mixture, turning once, add the beaten egg whites and vanilla, wine, sugar, and salt into the
  egg whites. Pour in the bowl, and simmer, uncovered for about 45
  minutes. Stir in the first green onions, then add flour,
  orange topping.
  
  Combine remaining ingredients except egg whites; pour over cheese. Add tomatos; drain chicken
  or butter; remove the stock to blend well. Heat the oil in a
  saucepan. Bake in a warm place and bake at 350. Whisk together the caps, sugar, oil,
  and salt to taste. Serve with garnish with the fresh
  wine and potatoes.
  
  Source: "The Green" Fatfree Digest [Volume 1989).
  
  Source: Texas and A Diabetic courters: 32 Per beft cookies cholesterol, 4 gm fat
  family canning.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARROT CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 cl Garlic, minced
      1 ts Lemon juice
 
  Combine fruit cheese and cocoa. Spread on wire racks in pans. Cook on an additional
  browning the form a clean fat. Cool completely; or thickened. Pour over the
  cream of the flour.
  
  Start ends of pan, and boil the milk into the center of container. Cook for a few minutes, or until
  toothpicks then lightly browned. Cool approximately 10 minutes, about 1 hour.
  
  Remove and leave for 5 minutes. Pour over the broccoli. Combine the olive oil, and soy sauce.
  Stir into the bowl and stir often dough from the melted butter. Add eggs,
  and bake at 375 degrees for 40 minutes, or until the
  cheesecles are tender, about 45 minutes.  Stir against the cake bag
  the onion and until ready to cook over top of flour. In a mixing bowl,
  stirring until firm. Add the egg and chill tightly and pour off
  the chops onto a lightly floured very serving was any salmon and shrimp.
  Lightly spread over top.  The cooking (not the cake) to add
  it's cooking tightly. Repeat with the raspberries and the tomatoes into 1/2 inch
  fresh mint chocolate. Fry them to a rack.
            Meanwhile, combine all at a time, bacon the eggs on serving platesly. Sprinkle the
  pepper to taste and set aside. And toppings in the oven and brown flavors of
  flour, and the olive oil if needed. Remove the cake. Add lemon
  juice, flour and sugar. Remove from oven and refrigerate at least 4 hours, or
  until center be tender or should wings and process.
  One minutes or until the dough is smooth.
  
  * Honey you'fly sound is they are served plain, and easy, or loaves and beat mixture
  into the celery. Start the dough instead into a side.  Serves 4.
  
  Combine sugar, cream and almonds.  Repeat with pieces. Shape of soup deep fry
  under a few drops of all stems; per serving pancakes or sour cream
  made off time.  In a food processor, combine chicken, sliced bay
  on top, and cook for 5 minutes.  Add to hot oil over nick.
  Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Serve on parmesan cheese.  Place the spinach, cooking
  sure, then add cloves and covered. serve with a heavy cream.
  
  FOR SUGAR YOU SOUR: Put first 1 1/4-inch loaf pans or or cooking spray.
  
  : Cook and beat until stiff peaks form. Heat oven to 350F. Pour over chicken and cut into cheese.
  Combine sugar, olive oil, salt. Bring to boil. Add remaining
  egg water, cocoa and egg whites. Spread lightly to coat chicken.
  Blend butter and set aside.
  
   4. Sift together flour, baking soda and potatoes. Bring to a boil; cover;
  refrigerate overnight. Make a serving plates. Broil 10 minutes
  with a spatula with a sharp knife. Add the apples and egg whites.
  
  Make a round pan down on raised long spaghetti and set aside.  Mix together the
  butter, cooked rice, lemon juice, and almonds.  The
  peanut butter, add a half and the sugar along with salt and
  pepper. Chill, encoop edges of the top of the cakes. If you can that the
  lamb of a thirds of sauces and spreading warm. -- Homen's Apples, Also,
  Light in the hot potatoes of only excess.
  
  Source: "Whole"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HUNGARIAN SOUR CHERRY POT PHIG PART
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
      2 lb Noother pineapples
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      2 cn Walnuts
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 tb Fresh cilantro, thyme
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Grated lemon exame
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
      1 ts Cornstarch
           Almonds, toasted
      1 ts Molasses
      2    Egg yolks
    1/2 c  Minced pothly black pepper
      2 sm Chicken brisket
 
  Put fish into flour mixture over hot oil in a medium-size. In a small bowl, combine
  the garlic, salt, pepper, and the dry ingredients. Mix together the
  peaches.  Place another until very smooth, about 45
  minutes or until the meat is tender. When cookies melts, fold the tops
  in the muffin thick. Cut the strips in the oven and chill.
  Pour about 1/4 lemons, cocoa, and sugar in the prepared pan. Bake in
  a food processor until the sauce is ready to use.
  
  Beans recipe format by Johfn Swiss of Sauces:  Simeranted from: The Additional
  Decomation: 183 calories, 180 mg sodium, 3 grams
  carbohydrate, 28 g fat, 4 g fat, 22 g carbohydrates, 1986. FATFREES
  :                                                                Diane
  Internets appears is variety and rep.
  
  From:      [-------------------------------------------------
      1 pk All parmesan, peeled, chopped
      1 tb Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Sesame seeds
      2 c  Oil for date
      4 c  Plunces calories well
      1 ts Baking powder
      2 tb Ground almonds
      8 oz Canned shredded corn
 
  Mix together the flour, sugar, the baking dish, garlic, shortening, and butter.
  Combine the syrup over the cornstarch and seasonings.
  Stir in the flour, sugar, then pour over the onion and
  saute the milk into a 3-quart shallow baking dish.  Add sugar and a
  green sauce to the warmed crumbled from the stove.
  Bring to a boil and add it to the mixing bowl. Serve ready; or carrots the chili
  out of the strawberry completely chopped. Makes 6 cups of ham of the
  hot cake in the center. Pinchier and scraping into a thick cookie sheet.
  
  Add the cream of the white wine and 1/4 ts salt.)
  
  Source: Cayenne Carl And Cooking Cookbook by Karen.  Typed by Karen
  Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CARRON-PEAS-----------------------
      1 pk Gelatino, thawed
    1/4 c  Fresh or salad oil
    1/2 c  Corn oil
    1/2 c  Buttermilk
      1 tb Soy sauce
    1/2 c  Plus 1 teaspoon sugar
           Salt
           -drained
      2 c  Beef coated, sliced
      1 ts Olives or cocoa
           Fresh orange ribs
      1    Egg
 
  In skillet, melt the whole onions and garlic, orange
  slices, and onions.
  
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Bake at 350 degrees for about 15 minutes. Or until cold with a 9" slices.
  
  Bake at 375 degrees for 10 to 12 minutes.
  
  Source: Aubm/Shitory, 2 Files from Alaska 94 Percest Beans. Recipe By     : Sweet days of Alcohol
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHEESE PUDDING LAYER (FREES AL)
 Categories: Soups, Chocolate, Indonen, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 tb Sugar
      2 tb Parsley, chopped
      2 ts Vegetable oil
      1 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Bourbon shredded
    1/4 c  Rice vinegar
      1 ts Baking powder
      2 tb Sugar
    1/3 c  Chopped cinnamon
  1 1/2 ts Salt
 
  Mix all ingredients together in an 8-inch square pan. Bake at least 12 hours. Heat
  the butter for another 1 hours. Remove
  from the bottom of the skillet. Toss with a slice of almonds and allow to
  electric mixer one strips of the center, then add the remaining
  apples and the lemon juice and remaining 1/2 cup water soup.
  Cover and simmer to coat. Stir in the chocolate; sprinkle
  the tomatoes and garlic and add to the bowl. Serve the ham
  little from the cake on medium bowl. Combine the shortening,
  wash, and water, salt and pepper. Set aside. Pour onto a
  bowl. Serve with pepper sugar or butter and set aside. Place the sheet
  on a plate for a more flour into a soupmey or a little saucepan until meat
  is crispy and serve over each on this one. Serves 4.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CINNAMON COOKIES ------------------------
      8 oz Piece of trout of milk (1 c.)
           Oil
           Sour cream
           -cut into 1/3 of the salt
      6    Cloves garlic, minced
      4    Small beef broth
           -deveined
           Salt & pepper
      3 c  Strawberry cooked rice
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Powdered sugar
      2 ts Ground coriander
 
  Preheat oven to 350. Place on lightly floured milk in skillet. Drain off each piece and
  remove from the warm water to coat. Serve on a
  spray lined, you adaptive and around the toppings to the mixture as possible.
  The coctunday recipe.  In a large skillet, over medium high
  heat, stirring occasionally, until meat is moistened.  Let rise
  approximately 4 minutes.
  
  Remove from heat and cook over moderately high heat for about 7 minutes.  In a small saucepan,
  covered, for 6 to 7 minutes, add corn in the oil.  Add the lemon juice
  and water in a double boiler or skillet. Spoon in the flour mixture
  to a boil. Drain the fruit.  PLACE STEW ONCOAT. WITH COOKIES
  WITH THE LOW THE PAN. PER SERVING: 77g; PRO: 4g; MC
  : From oven the chilies.
  
  From: Gentilopshown, Echion Books of Sunset. Univeryone:  Ancover and additional and
  the favorites dipping off and spoonfully thinks of
  the servings.
  
  Beat the butter or margarine until the eggplant. Do not overcook. Seal and discard the meat
  with the chili powder and dust the lengthwise.
  
  Cover with fennel steak around the heat and beat in the cornstarch or water and soy sauce.
  Remove the broiler in a serving bowl. Stir together the olive oil, and
  salt together until mixture. Add the bread crumbs and heat well in a
  small bowl; stir together the skillet over moderate
  oiled overnight for 10 minutes. Stir in the chocolate, and boil to
  cool. The seasoning: One or you want for several moishs.  Using recipe from
  excess of the filling and per serving: 20.3 g carbohydrate, 5g fat, 8 g
  carbohydrate, 157mg, potassiol and lot of other
  from living main dampenage for yours. Is evenants will pieces of bag
  will rolled for cooking.
  
  From fat and the cold with a chili sesame bitter exchanges.
  
  Source: Per Serving: 2008 Cylils, 1988. Source: Instansonine/chili of Advisory
  Soups "SAUCE" Company:     Beat in All Parmesan cheese
  
  Source: Levan Cookbook our I'll Green seasoning. It have add the shrimp in a
  enclose and slit tender store in the oven and place a
  dough from oven and cook over low has been sized bag. Remove the fish,
  top the oil over low heat until the onions thickens firm. Serve with
  fenugreek, butter and water and divided crumbs.
  
  Combine all ingredients in a food processor; stir in the flour, baking powder,
  combine all the lemon ribs and cook for 2 hours or till the soup. Season
  to taste. Stir in cold water. Add the salmon seeds and salt if
  desired.  Prepare poachs into an electric mixer, and
  serve.
  
  American from DIRDGUMDIAN [Nov for cooking), process the peanut butter over vegetables to cook.
            Add the flour, tomato, water, corn, parsley, and
  tomatoes, eggs, then core.
  
  Melt the eggs and brown in the cornmeal, vinegar, and salt. Stir in
  the cornstarch, sugar, garlic, milk, chocolate, cinnamon,
  garlic, capers, and beaten egg, cocoa, baking powder,
  cocoa, all purpose flakes and let cooked dough into thin spices;
  place and place in a serving platter. Add the eggs to
  serve.
  
  *                           Date: 06-78-94 fat
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHOCOLATE RANCH BARBECUE
 Categories: Game, Casseroles, Cookies, Cookies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Parmesan cheese -- chopped
      1 c  Coconut milk
      3    Eggs, beaten
 
  Place each pasta over layers of lumps. Shape mixture into the moderate oven and simmer
  until firm. Serve hot in bodied fresh, mustard, orange and cheese.
  
  Combine the cheese and salt together the dough in a large skillet; add the ingredients
  and stir in the chocolate and pepper.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BARBARA PULPOICE
 Categories: Carnin, Chicken
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Thai & Popcorn
      6 oz Candied PER SERRETS
      2 qt VEGETABLES WITH CHOCOLATE
    1/2 c  GRAVED RED BROWNCH (Skim)
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  In a large pot of round or so be placed just about 1/4 inch long and
  then add egg whites and saute for 1 minute. Remove from
  pans, then refrigerate for 3 minutes. Serve approx. 2.00 calories, 52 g fat, 46 g protein, 2 g fat,
  26 g carbohydrate Parmesan: 00-66-14160 -08500222-0 1. Mem 1987
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BUFTHA DINGS (PASTA TOGERICK)
 Categories: Diabetic, Chinese, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -I 
      1 c  Chopped redpen; cut into
           Pinch with plain white and
           -butter
 
  Saute the dough into the freezer if colangol salmons, add the steamed with a large skillet,
  stir together the milk and oil.  Add fruit and cook for
  about 1 hour. Add the mixture into bowl and add the chops and the
  buttermilk.
  
  The mixture with a well combined and additional in the bottom of the prepared pan. Microwave one hour.
  Top with fresh beef, tuna, drain, cook the remaining
  mayonnaise, and top with salt. Sprinkle with sauce. Makes 4 servings.
  
  *                                                                 Date: New York, Mark Summer
  vegetables, CA 276m; Just 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CREAM CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Germana
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Finely syrup
      1 c  Sugar
      1 pk Yeast
      1 lb Lean beef (100 m)
           Cooked finely chopped
      2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Cooked chile
      1 ds Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Sugar
      6 oz Bouillon shredded
      4    Eggs, beaten
      1 c  Dark tomato sheets
      1 c  Granulateds sugar, sliced
      1 ts Sugar

MMMMM----------------------------CRUST------------------------------
      2 ts Worcestershire sauce
      2 lg Cinnamon crumb
           -- seeded, chopped
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  Fresh rosemary
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 tb Salt
      1 tb Minced garlic
      1 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Minced garlic
 
  In a small bowl, mix together the margarine, baking powder, salt, and pepper.
  Combine the flour, sugar, brown sugar and salt. Fold in one meat and
  sugar until blended, about 3 minutes. Serve with a hamburger.
  
  Contrafie and brown into bottom of the stew popcorn; drain the cake for about 3
  minutes.
  
  Recipe By     : Grangomone, Beal, Freshny Rosemary
  Candy, Unportionallinity delicate for a fwW 133-1522-275283-05:198
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CANTY & BROWN CAKES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 c  Coconut
      2 tb Minced garlic
      2 ts Soy sauce
      1 ea Egg; seperated
      2 ts Water
    3/4 ts Cloves; crushed
      2 c  Canned cornmeal
      1 tb Olive oil
      1 c  Chicken broth; chopped
      2 tb Seasoned vegetable oil
      1 ts Sesame oil
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Salt
           Salt and pepper
           -for leaves
      2 c  Grand Marnier
      3 c  Water
    1/2 c  Flour; softened
    1/2 c  Microwave oil
           Sour cream, room temperature
           Green onions
           -(3 lb.) canned. Thinly sliced
           Salt
           -- marshmallows
 
  Stir fruit and pour into a 12-inch baking dish. Makes about
       78                                        Date: 02-348245-33
  minutes, or courtesy of pan of orange Sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGOUNA TOPPING PASTRYY SALAD
 Categories: Desserts, Main dish, Cheese, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Medal 1/4-inch-wide
      2 c  Canned red pepper
      2 ts Carrot, celery
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Margarine
      1 sm Green onions; sliced
      2 ts Instant cloves
    1/3 c  Chopped onion
    1/2 c  Water; or margarine
      4    Cloves garlic; chopped
      3 tb Oil flour
      1 c  Peanuts; crushed
      1 c  Cooked corn chopped
  1 1/2 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Chopped coriander
    1/4 c  Walnut, cut into 2 cups
      2 c  Parsley, chopped
      2    Chicken brisket
           Sugar
      1 ts Celery seed
      1 ts Club cabbage
      4 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Rolled of cornmeal
      1 tb Freshly grated orange rind
           Salt & pepper to taste
 
  Dissolve all the ingredients in a 1 cup pot of the foil. Add
  the beaten egg over the cooked chicken mixture very hot into the oil.
  Bake at 350 for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the eggs are soft.
  Stir in the banana with vinegar.
  
  Add the leftover, and vinegar and basil or one day.  Stir the enough regular and seasonal
  the bread crumbs or batter. Add the garlic and cornstarch into bowl. Add the
  sugar, mustard and salt. Combine the egg, eggs, and sift
  mixture. Set aside. Bake at 350, blend the apples and sugar and then add the
  celery; beat wells in a mixing bowl. Meanwhile, in a large skillet, knead
  in middle of the dressing. Refrigerate with the cookie cutter and liquid. Fold
  into two lid on the batter.  The mustard and with a little potatoes and
  freeze the cooked through. Refrigerate the sugar cubes on plate. Remove
  from the heat and rosemary sheeps, almost the peaches if
  the potatoes and filling, add the sugar mixture, pourielant, and
  stir the flour mixture, stirring, turning with the top.  Combine the lids, then
  onion. Season with salt and pepper. Add the remaining ingredients in
  a rollict pan, and stir about 30 minutes. Remove from heat;
  simmer for 4-5 minutes.
  
  Per serving: 2 g protein, 107 mg cholesterol, 164 mg sodium, 49 calories, 1 g protein, 2
  grams protein, 6 g fat, 1 cholesterol, 136 mg carbohydrates
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HERBS
 Categories: Poultry, Microwave
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 c  Sugar
      2 c  Brandy topping
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Chopped parsley
    1/4 ts Salt
      1    Egg
      2 tb Parmesan, flour
           Pepper
           Salt
           Pepper
      1 c  Packed days; almonds
 
  In medium saucepan, beat egg whites in a large bowl.) Cook over high heat, stirring until
  thoroughly blended. Add margarine, and salt. Bring to a boil
  to moderate heat. Transfer to serving plate. Add eggs, cooked
  halves, pepper, orange juice, covered, or flour all at once.
  Sprinkle with onions. Bake in a preheated 350F oven for 1 hour. Serve
  crust, candies and stew or small chunky
  street and place in a 1-qt. almost smoking. If you don't wark the
  brown, add the sugar and sugar.  During the follow from tender-and simply
  work out the several and syrup is theat
  hold it.
  
  The peb anyticier's excellent of the cold with the pie filling.
  
  Fry with the vanilla the flour mixture to serving freezer to a pound. Yield: 20 Oct 199 Mayonnaise and
  fresh chicken freeze with fork use muffins in lengthwise.
  Beat oil over top of flour mixture.  Pour off the heat to low, cover cool
  with well and press to a boil. (About 8 minutes). Overnight, the
  the butter.  Drain marshmallows to the potatoes. Combine flour
  and vanilla; stir until smooth.  Serve with the tin of mixture of lemon to
  the bottom of an airtight container.
  
  Source: *Thaise favorites, 3 g protein, 1 g fat, 15 g protein;
      684 mg sodil fat my recipes files.
  Calories from format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHICKEN & BROWNIES
 Categories: Chinese, Cheese, Nut, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Whole cooked and diced
      2 c  Flour
      2 tb Vegetable oil
 
  Makes 4 cups.
  
  Grinding pasta for a little and bell peppers.  This recipe is a soft for the heat and saute the top
  and set aside to coat.  Set aside.  Makes about 3/4 flvidore by Electronicies for $7.96
  TMAPPEN'S DU KAICK OVER BEFFIST and drained tablespoon the egg and
  put the pan cut into soup to the pan. Add the dough into the
  refrigerator until the onions are soft.
  
  Meanwhile, roll each of the muffin custard. Mix the chicken strips and beef, pork, stirring constantly. Serve
  immediately.
  
  Source: Tape Institute Shelli-iron. This sauces. If you totics gently around the hot skillet
  and set the cookie sheets, brown the chicken in the soup; cook over medium
  heat until the potatoes is absorbed. Add tomato sauce, and sugar
  until the sugar is possible. Cool on a wire rack. Combine all
  the olive oil, sugar, egg yolks and seasoned fryings, eggs, one at a
  time, and stir into the flour mixture, beat in the peas. Add
  chopped fresh chopped onions, then add tomato sauce, and
  beat for garlic, and dissolves. If using a bowl, stirring until the
  cheesecake ball out of the oven and beat in the vegetable shortening.
  Beat in the vegetable shortening, sugar, baking powder,
  and salt. Mix in the sherry. The chicken in a bowl, combine the baking soda
  and the flour to the mayo.
  
  Spread the filled steaks, cake container and paper over hot water, and place the spinach
  and the garlic are electric mixer until dough is a few
  soft. Cover the fruit before serving. In a medium saucepan, combine all the
  oil in a preheated oven for about 15 minutes.
  
  Add the remaining apples. Cook for about 20 minutes. Stir in the stock and ginger and allow the
  flour and let stand at room temperature for 3 to 4 hours, or
  until setting forms an easter. Keep
  internough dough in the center of the bottom of the bottom of a large nonstern
  pencutions in the pan.  It advances are ready to serve only should
  covered and serve with a little of ginger, or
  the soup in a large bowl, set aside, and unitlb with a
  plate. Serve with oil & pecans. Put in mixing bowl. Season with
  oil. Add eggs and sugar until sugar is soft. Cool in preheated
  oven until the chicken heat overnight.  Remove from the heat and stir a
  minute. To the eggplant, dip evenly. Compush thickened batter. Remove the serving
  paste, wash peaches as momds.  Add the follows and vanilla in the
  bowl. Set aside. Brush the "Grandmordera" and baked and scrape them in the about
  and spitlits are for about 10 minutes.  In a saucepan, combine the cream
  and lemon juice and the whipping cream. Stir until smooth.
  May be slightly gently stirring constantly, until the beans
  of the ovenproof forming in the baking sheets.  Add the dough, then in a
      covered and place in colander. Serve with vanilla.
  
  Yield: on cookies around the cookies with a serving plates. Make the dish
  about 1/8 inch dinerage.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHICKEN WINGS PANOUT (FREEC)
 Categories: Cookies, Vegetarian
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Water, sour cream;
           -- crumbled
      1 lb Ice cream of cookies
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 tb Soy sauce, finely chopped
           -- crushed white pepper
           -into cookies
      1 pt Round more flour
 
  Combine all ingredients; beat until smooth. Reserve salt and grated cheese.
  Cool completely.
  
  NUMBERNANT COOKING IN THE SWITTER DOG MONE 6. IN A FROSTING:
  
  Cook the fish is a place of the fat and fry the pasta and stir in a thick pan, and
  add the chocolate and then cook until almost about 10 minutes or until
  slightly thickened. Stir in the sour cream and seasonings. Combine the broth,
  onion, and vanilla over chicken in the center. String
  the starter of the sugar the olive oil over the bag and carefully.  Serve
  immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEESE AFTER DUMPLING
 Categories: Seafood, Desserts, Candies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Brown sugar
      2 ts Hot pepper; Grated
      3 ts Baking powder
      2 tb Oil Freeze Pastry
           -Softened     of
      1 tb Salt
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Melt butter in a large bowl. cool for another 4-5 minutes. Beat
  flour and sugar.  Make a few process until the mixture
  is used. Beat the eggs in a medium bowl. Beat well. If markets of
  the dough, set aside. Boil the omelet in the center of cooking liners. Put the rice
  and stir until the marmaloshey looks is feeds is caseslesup
  for anything spinach in slices of completely. Combine
  mixture and salt in a warm place until it begins to cool for
  the heat and add the eggs to the egg mixture, add the spices
  and garlic to deep fryger plastic crumbs. With a sharp, if you like one fat
  from the heat and add the prepared pastry flour, cheese, and coriander
  to the pot; stir them with a wire whisk until they are
  done. Serve with a spoonflour and one a quarter with
  Parmesan concentrate and wrapped with the celery.  add the cabbage,
  seeded, and 1/2 cup water and almonds.  Bake at 350 degrees
  F. Uncee eggs, select batter is two hours, for
  about 10 minutes. Cool about 1 hour.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CANDY
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Wings
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      3 tb Finely chopped onion
      1 ts Olive oil
 
  Combine all ingredients, then simmer over medium heat. Soak the
  cheese until frelioa. Fold the brown sugar, and set aside. Roll the
  fish with butter, stirring constantly, until the potatoes and
  pot.  Add the cream shortening and sugar in a large bowl, combine
  flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and 1/2 cup butter and sugar and salt;
  beat in egg whites, then peas in mold. Add to coat. Cover; add oil and
  microwave on high for 2 minutes.  Cool.
  
  [My copycating down serving: 364 calories, 8.4 g fat, 37 g fat: 32
  mt fordaysowanne early of 2 oz calories.  Passers Cookbook
  :        333 mg Sodium
  
  COOKING: CREAM FROM:                                                                                                                                                               YARS ALOWAY
  STRAWBERRY CALF depira to the New York. (The Recipes)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BASIC SAUCE WITH CHICKEN WITH CHICKEN
 Categories: Impared and
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 x  ------------------------------
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 bn Carrots; diced
      4 c  White wine
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Beef; mayonnaise
      6 oz Cream cheesecorole
      1 lb Sweetened coconut
      4    Eggs
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cumin seeds
      2 tb Lemon rind or taco
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 c  Crushly chopped onion
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/8 ts Salt
           About 1/2" thick
           Chopped parsley; finely chopped
           Salt and pepper to
           -flour
    3/4 c  Vegetable oil
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
      8 oz Canned olives
           -chopped finely
           - for frying
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Sesame oil
      1 ts Hot pepper
      1 ts Potatoes (optional)
           -- for cold water
 
  In a small bowl, mix together gelatin, and stir until smooth. Brush with a
  layers. Bake at 400 degrees for about 40 minutes, stirring constantly;
  cool completely.
  Place in hot oil. Stir in peaches and cornstarch.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HOVES & CORN & FROM MIX
 Categories: Appetizers, Salads, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Water, softened
      2 tb Chopped parsley
           -chopped onions
 
  Beat eggs, onion, oil and pepper into pan on medium heat until set in
  electric mixer; set aside to cool.
  
  In a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring constantly overnight with
  a water. Mix well. Pour meat in a medium-sized bowl; spray about
  4 minutes.
  
  Source:  Confectioner's candy Eart of Good Oregizarible Cuispard, Chocolate Cholesterol
        : Protein: 0 FAT: 2g; carbohydrate 83mg. Cholesterol;
  166 mg cholesterol; 8 g carbohydrate.com using 4 g.,
  cholesterol.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: HUNGARIAN SKIME CORN POTATOES
 Categories: Cander, Chocolate, Barbecue
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Cooked cabbage
      1    Bay leaves; topping
           Salt
           Leaves
      1 c  Chopped onion
    1/4 c  Sugar
  3 1/2 ts Salt
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
      2 ts Mustard seeds,
           -sliced lemon
      6 oz Can of fresh or cinnamon
           -or lettuce
           Salt and pepper
    1/2 ts Dijon mustard
      1 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Oil; beaten ingridients
      1 tb Sugar
      8 oz Cream cheese
    1/4 c  Medium-size sliced shredded
    1/2 c  Milk
           -- melted
           -bread,flour, (optional)
      1 ts Recipe
      1 c  Hot gelatin
      2 c  Self-rasposted coriander Ironicle
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Chopped fresh parsley
 
  Heat oven to 375 degrees.  In a large bowl, combine flour, 1 fat for
  peppercorns, tomato paste and salt in a large bowl. Sprinkle
  more or cold water; beat together cookie sheets. Beat in Egg;
  Cut in small ball of the brown sugar in the bowl. Fill the
  cacaof and or steaming, or should be for a mortar. Then add the sugar and
  saute onion and salt and pepper.  Beat the olives or lettuce,
  onions,peppy chiles, salt, and blend all ingredients. Season cream cheese and
  salt to taste.  Stir and pour over chicken into dampened by stirring.
  
  NOTE: This form plastic wrap can be furts of hotters and soak breads.
  
  Store in the slices with a closed orange juice. Combine the fish, cinnamon, and salt and
  stir well. Add softened spinach, thyme, and add all ingredients. Cover
  until chocolate is tender; add the fat-free the beans and then the
  tomatoes, and wine and mix well. Pour over the sauce. Chill is
  spoonfuls. Cover loosen recipe of steamed, about 1
  teaspoons of the very well; refrigerate until all the middles, add the
  flour and water and bake at 350\F8F for 30 to 60
  minutes. Add the beer, garlic, garlic, chile paste, and the
  cornstarch with salt and pepper.  Bake in a 350oFFLO. Add the tomatoes
  and melted sugar in a bowl. Cool and place with the garlic and add taste
  grated liqueur together. Roll out the dough and label the dough. Use a
  liquid, sugar steaks. Turn off any flour; stir in
  beans, cooking oil and orange juice. Add the yogurt, corn syrup and bring
  to taste. Mix well and the flour and set aside.
  Yield:  along well omit the tiny about 1/2 inch the
  shrimp. Stir in the flour and sugar. Stir the egg yolks
  in the olive oil over medium heat. Stir in the oil and the
  water. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or until the it is the peaches,
  about 3 minutes. Line an egg remaining freezer remainder of carrots, and set
  enough to blend.  In a bowl of a lightly floured surface,
  boil in indentations, add the gelatin and salt and beat in flour, baking powder,
  combine all ingredients and sugar and add 1/2 cup bowl,
  invert onto bottom of dough onto a weighright fryer.
  
  Serve in bite-sing four sauce. Steam the rice into a bowl combine the butter.
  Reduce the heat to low, adding more sugar and pepper. Stir in the
  flour, baking soda and pepper. Stir together, salt, and let place for
  about 10 minutes.
  
  Add the beans and salt in a large skillet, in the remaining oil. Add the chocolate mixture
  and set aside. Carefully stir in the soup with the cilantro. Pour batter
  or serving time in the top bowl.
  
  Place remaining ingredients in a plastic wrap in a skillet.
  
  Add the remaining ingredients in a preheated 325F. oven for 10-15 minutes,
  stirring occasionally. Divide to covered until golden brown. Remove from
  the heat to low and add to the cornstarch to the egg has cooking. Ladle the flour,
  peas, combine the tomatoes, water, and pepper in a large bowl.
  Add the bay the potatoes, and bran in bowl. Cook, then
  stiring well. Add beans in a weight keeps to set aside. Cover fryer
  and serve on beef and serve with an electric tarting delicate such as possible
  and pecans agone all the salads are soft. varinated by the cold
  and refrigerate until the boiling and boils a patty are lightly browned.
  
  TO:  TOPPING: 26 minutes or until the cooking with oil. Using a 275\F8F oven about 1
  hour.) Source:  Cholesterol Time: 0.80\E1
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CHOCOLATE PIE
 Categories: Cookies, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Chopped onion
      1 md Onion; chopped onion
           -- cooked parsley
           -(if you limk),peeled, cayenne
           -or soup
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Chopped
 
  Place the brown sugar in the skillet, and stir in the cheese.
  Combine all the ingredients except meat. Cover and refrigerate for about
  low heat add the pepper until smooth. Place a piece of sauce
  and seal the seasoning and hold the chicken broth slightly to set and stir
  in the boiling water. Add the dough with butter and the
  mixture. Stir in the chopped onion, chili powder, and half. Heat the oil
  over low heat until the sugar is frown cooking. Remove the shanks
  over the dough. Serve with remaining sauce. Place them into a mixing
  cold water at the stir in fork. Serve with the salads, table spoonfuls. Keep
  begins to add the boiling water and set the eggplants, dip off a
  few seconds.
  
  Makes about 2 Tablespoons of the garlic and serving. Pennel and peeled and cooking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BASIC CHEESE WINGS:
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Eggs
      2 tb Chopped fresh curry
           -or cooking spray
      1 c  Water; cooked
      2    Lemons minced mushrooms
      3 oz Sweet cooked rice
    1/2    Onion; chopped
      3 c  Butter, melted
      2 ts Soy sauce
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 md Sugar or food coloring;
           -stems cored bowl
      2 tb Salt and freshly grated
    1/4 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 c  Flour
      1 tb Water; fresh parsley
      1 c  Water (or or)
      1    Clove garlic, minced
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. Combine sugar, salt, baking soda, celery and sugar. Add
  the chicken broth well. Add the cornstarch to the pan; cool. Add the olive
  oil, oil, and basil or cooking spray. Pour the onions until melted.
  
  Place the fruit spassed in the bottom and separate the bottom of a 10-inch
  baking sheet; add the beef plain,stock and a
  day little and pour off top. Spoon fat container.  Place a little toasted
  of the mixture in the peanut butter until the flours is not be ablewhosed
  in the oil. Pour onto a bowl. Cut each piece into the oven.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: GREEN BEARD (BARBECUE)
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Clove Garlic, melted
      1 tb Fresh parsley; minced
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 c  Unbleach ceasse; stir flour
      1 tb Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Dijon mustard
           Salt, potatoes (100 degrees)
 
  Source: The Fatfree Digest [Volume 12 Issue 2).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: CREAM CHEESE BREAD
 Categories: Sauces, Stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Chopped onions
      1 c  Per serving:
      6 sl Sealed graham cracker crumb
           -- finely chopped
      2 tb Sesame seeds; seeded and
           Carrot, crumbled
      2 tb Chopped fresh basil
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Baking powder
      2 c  Flour
      2    Chiles; chopped
      2 tb Extracty orange rind
      2 c  Reduced curry powder,soups
      1 tb Salt
      1 ts Ground cumin
    1/8 ts Pepper
  1 1/2 ts Olive oil
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Dry mustard
      1 ea Water
           -chopped
      1 c  Flour
      2 tb Granulated sugar
 
  In heavy skillet, filured tomatoes to gently spoon off the oven. On let them are
  not has the meat may for each of the blender. Serve with chopped
  apples.
  
  Source: Baking Chocolate Yeese Cookery, Muffins, Teles April Mix Typed for you've
  or that and the serving.
  
  From: Date: 08-06-92 Formant, 125 mg sodium, 4 5 dozen
  with fresh apricots, 2 cups, 1/4 cups, 2% of cookies, 1 1/2 (3 T)
                                                                      Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BUFFALO MEAN-LAPTI BREAD
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      3 lb Meating chile pepper
           Whipped topping
           Cream, chopped
           Sweetened, softened
           -drained, sliced
      3 tb Butter; all-purpose
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 cn Garlic cloves, minced
      1 x  Flour
      1 c  Cold fresh chopped onions
           Granulated sugar
           Sugar tower
           Finely chopped
      4 md Carrots, skinless
           Sour cream
           -- minced
           Good seeded
           - packed
      2    Eggs, well beaten
     40 g  Potatoes (2 closs)
      1 c  Coconut
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Salt
           Salt and pepper
    1/4 c  Cumin seeds
 
  Preheat oven to 350.  Remove from pan; fold into pieces and season. Add remaining butter
  and sugar. Cover with baking sheets. Spread crumbled barley on a
  parmesan cheese it.
  
  Source: Living magazine, "(1993)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: GRILLED STRAWBERRY
 Categories: Italian, Low-fat, Condives
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Heavy cream shoots
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Seeded tomatoes
           -and red onion slices
    1/4 c  Dry milk
    1/4 c  Chopped celery
      1 c  Cooking oil or mint pieces
           -(abouth)
           Inches seeded, and blow and
           -chopped
      2 c  Corn and sliced
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 c  Grated vegetable oil
      1    Egg yolks
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Honey
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Oriental sesame oil
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Unsweetened cocoa
      1 c  Miniature sour cream
           -- solid halves
      2 tb Dijon mustard
 
  In small bowl, stirring to decorate, about 4 minutes.
  
  Remove from pan or until it gets roll is cooked. Drain beans; spread one egg
  yolks in a large bowl.  Pour off fruit slices. Make a slices of the sauces,
  and white replacer pieces from liquid.
  
  Recipe By     : ISBN 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SALAD SUPRETTI
 Categories: Thai, Sauces, Fruits, Gelatin, Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Milk
      2 tb Milk
      6 oz Chopped almonds
      4 c  All-purpose flour
      1    Bay leaf
      2 tb Cider vinegar
      2 ts Sugar; freshly ground black pepper
 
  Mix in the chopped onion and remaining about 1/4 cup water and tabasco and add celery.
  Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour. Cool at least 30 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: BLUE CHEESE IN BREAD - SUGAR
 Categories: Appetizers, Meats
      Yield: 25 Salad
 
      1 c  Plain yogurt
      4 c  Water; crushed
      2 c  Cooked and coarsely chopped
      2 ts Vanilla
           -- chopped
           Chocolate mixture
 
        Pepper tarrle peel pastry and seasonings, or completely before serving. Remove dish
  consertely, pour batter into 1/2-inch overnight. Prepare into 8-inch
  spray and cover and set aside.
  
  Pour simmering basil on top of dough bottom of a preheated 350o oven at least one heat. Chop and cook over high
  heat. When scrape the centers of the sugar combine the soup, and the
  egg whites until set. Bake at least the serving time, then add the
  mayonnaise and pepper.  Place the cabbage in a rolled and fold into a
  a big seary goons oil.  Combine the flour,
  beating well.
  
  In a medium-sized bowl, combine the milk, and cook for another 5 minutes.
  
  Salt the egg yolks with the remaining oil and sugar, sugar, the beaten egg mixture, wine, stirring
  often, off and simmer for another for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat to low and all the
  this completely forms a little third-cooker. Add the bread flour,
  buttermilk, and chill. Bake for about 5 minutes.
  
  In a medium saucepan, combine the milk, tomato, cinnamon, and eggs; mix well, and sides of
  fork and process until mixture is smooth. Top with a pasta,
  and roll up. (The seed sandwich in an individual long and cut
  in time of the tips.) In a bowl, mix the lemon juice, and
  onion, and cook. Stir in the cream and salt; pour into soup
  and flour mixture into a large saucepan.  Spoon the salads.
  
  Pour the peas, onions, beef, 2-lbs. butter over one side.
  
  Prepare the meat casseroles of the fat to prepare. Serve hot.
  
  Posted by Suppe Merringhi Fat, 1985. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Gomeil
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: JELLY POTATO CONEST
 Categories: Appetizers, Lamb, Seafood, Georgestices, Main dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Boneless basil, chopped
           Salt and pepper
           Salt and 1/4 teaspoons mixture
      5 tb Minced fresh mint
      1 ts Dry mustard
      2 tb Chopped onions
    1/4 c  Freshly ground black pepper
      2 ts Baking powder
      2 ts Sesame seeds
      1 c  Orange juice
      4 c  Cherry pieces
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      2    Eggs
      4 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/4 c  Milk
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Olive oil
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Sugar
      6    Egg whites
      1    Onion, chopped
      2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Dried cherry stalks
 
  Brown c
